Abilene, Texas is served by the Abilene Regional Airport.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastian de los Reyes and Alcobendas.
The runway name of Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport is 18L/36R.
The ICAO Location Identifier of Afonso Pena International Airport is SBCT.
Afonso Pena International Airport serves the city of Curitiba.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah.
The runway length of Al-Taqaddum Air Base is 3684.0.
The runway name of Alderney Airport is 14/32.
The runway length of Allama Iqbal International Airport is 3360.12.
The number of the 1st runway at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 18.
The 5th runway at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is made of asphalt.
The runway name of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 06/24 Kaagbaan.
Andrews County Airport is 973 metres above sea level.
Andrews County Airport is owned by Andrews County, Texas.
The runway length of Andrews County Airport is 896.
The 1st runway at Angola International Airport is made of asphalt.
Antwerp International Airport is 12 metres above sea level.
Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish Government.
The runway length of Appleton International Airport is 2439.0.
The runway length of Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is 518.0.
UTAA is the ICAO Location Identifier of Ashgabat International Airport.
11/29 is the runway name of Ashgabat International Airport.
Atlantic City International Airport is owned by the South Jersey Transportation Authority.
The runway name of Atlantic City International Airport is 13/31.
The language of Belgium is Dutch.
Curitiba is part of the South Region, Brazil.
Danes is the demonym for the people of Denmark.
Fallujah is located in the country of Iraq.
Greenville, Wisconsin is in the United States.
Greenville, Wisconsin is part of Grand Chute, Wisconsin.
Arabic is spoken in Iraq.
Madrid is in Spain.
Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan is part of the United States.
Sardar Ayaz Sadiq is the leader of Pakistan.
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey serves the region of New Jersey.
Houston is the largest city in Texas.
United States Air Force fought in the United States bombing of Libya in 1986.
The Boeing C-17 Globemaster III is a transport aircraft in the United States Air Force.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000.
To the southeast of Adams County, Pennsylvania is Carrol County, Maryland.
Artur Rasizade is the leader of Azerbaijan.
The leader of Azerbaijan is the Prime Minister of Azerbaijan.
The native name of the Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is Turk Sehitleri Aniti.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa.
Postmodern architecture is the architectural style of 250 Delaware Avenue.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago.
George Winkler was the architect of 320 South Boston Building.
320 South Boston Building was built in 1910.
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen has 814 rooms.
The architects of Adare Manor were James Pain and George Richard Pain.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Japan.
The College of William and Mary is the owner of the Alan B. Miller Hall.
Amdavad ni Gufa's address is "Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus, near CEPT University, opp. Gujarat University, University Road".
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House has the reference number 88002539 in the National Register of Historic Places.
Julia Morgan was the architect of the Asilomar Conference Grounds.
The Asilomar Conference Grounds' architecture is called the "Arts and Crafts Movement and American craftsman Bungalows".
Asilomar Conference Grounds were constructed in 1913.
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City.
Buffalo is part of Erie County, New York.
Byron Brown is the leader of Buffalo, New York.
County Limerick is part of Munster.
The leader of Dublin is Criona Ni Dhalaigh.
Mulatu Teshome is the name of the leader of Ethiopia.
The people of India have the demonym of Indian.
The Los Angeles Herald Examiner is one of Julia Morgan's significant buildings.
Live Nation Entertainment is located in Beverly Hills, California.
Manhattan is part of New York.
New York City is part of New Netherland.
Pacific Grove is part of California.
White South Africans are an ethnic group in South Africa.
Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom.
The ISBN number of 1634: The Ram Rebellion is 1-4165-2060-0.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was produced in print.
The AIDS journal is from the United Kingdom.
A Glastonbury Romance has the OCLC number 76798317.
A Glastonbury Romance is available in hardcover.
A Long Long Way was written in the English language.
A Wizard of Mars was written by Diane Duane.
The ISSN number of Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universitat Hamburg is 0025-5858.
The author of Above the Veil is Garth Nix.
Above the Veil is available in print.
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica has the ISSN number 0567-7920.
The LCCN number of Addiction (journal) is 93645978.
Addiction journal is about addiction.
Aenir is written in English.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in English.
The American Journal of Mathematics covers the academic discipline of Mathematics.
Castle (novel) is written in English.
Eric Flint was born in Burbank, California.
Macmillan Publishers are the parent company of Farrar, Straus and Giroux.
A Glastonbury Romance is a notable work by John Cowper Powys.
Soho Press is based in the United States.
The Secret Scripture was published by Faber and Faber.
Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
English is the language of the United States.
Weymouth Sands was preceded by A Glastonbury Romance.
The manager of A.C. Chievo Verona is Rolando Maran.
A.D. Isidro Metapan play in the Salvadoran Primera Division.
The full name of A.F.C. Blackpool is "Association Football Club Blackpool".
The Mechanics is the ground of A.F.C. Blackpool.
A.F.C. Blackpool's ground is in Blackpool.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Gubbio.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 has 5300 members.
AEK Athens F.C.'s ground is in Athens.
AEK Athens FC were in the 2014-15 Football League season in Greece.
AZAL Arena is located in Baku.
AZAL PFK play in the Azerbaijan Premier League.
AZ Alkmaar played in the 2014-15 season in the Eredivisie.
Akron, Ohio is in the United States.
Akron, Ohio is located in Summit County, Ohio.
The full name of Akron Summit Assault is "Akron Metro Futbol Club Summit Assault".
Amsterdam's leader is Eberhard van der Laan.
Christian Panucci played for Chelsea F.C.
Christian Panucci played for Inter Milan.
Frank de Boer plays for FC Barcelona.
Gubbio is from the region of Umbria.
The leader of Italy is Sergio Mattarella.
Jens Hartel plays for FC Sachsen Leipzig.
Jorge Humberto Rodriguez plays for FC Dallas.
Luciano Spalletti plays for Udinese Calcio.
Massimo Drago plays for A.S.D. S.S. Nola 1925.
Michele Marcolini plays for Atalanta B.C.
Michele Marcolini plays for Vicenza Calcio.
Peter Stoger plays for 1. FC Koln.
Rolando Maran is attached to the club F.C. Bari 1908.
The tenant of Sportpark De Toekomst is Jong Ajax.
St. Vincent-St. Mary High School is located in the United States.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is in the state of Alba.
Acharya Institute of Technology's president is B.M. Reddy.
Mahe, India is to the northwest of Kerala.
Meride is a neighboring municipality to Mendrisio.
Bucharest is the capital of Romania.
Thomas Pallesen is the Dean of the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has 16000 students.
Alan Bean is from the United States.
Buzz Aldrin was a backup pilot for Apollo 8.
Buzz Aldrin's alma mater was Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963.
Buzz Aldrin was a crew member of Apollo 11.
Buzz Aldrin joined NASA in 1963.
Benitoite is a gemstone found in California.
Elliot See died on February 28, 1966.
Elliot See died in St. Louis.
Elliot See is deceased.
Kevin Eastman is the creator of April O'Neil.
Bananaman was broadcast by the BBC.
Ben Urich's full name is Benjamin Urich.
Jerry Ordway is the creator of Bibbo Bibbowski.
Bibbo Bibbowski's full name is "Bo Bibbowski".
Bill Oddie was born in Lancashire.
The Black Pirate's alternative name is Jon Valor.
John Buscema won the Eisner Award.
Karl Kesel is an American.
Marv Wolfman won the Kirby Award.
Peter Laird is from the United States.
Scott Adsit was born in Northbrook, Illinois.
The area code of Albany, Georgia is 229.
Albany Oregon is part of the United States.
The title of the leader in Albuquerque, New Mexico is Mayor.
The leader of Albuquerque (New Mexico) is the New Mexico House of Representatives.
The leader in Albuquerque, New Mexico is the New Mexico Senate.
The total area of Amarillo, Texas is 233.9 square kilometres.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Randall County, Texas.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Richland Township, Madison County, Indiana.
Angola, Indiana is at a elevation of 324.0 above sea level.
The area code of Antioch, California is 925.
Antioch is part of Contra Costa County, California.
Arlington, Texas has a population density of 1472.0 inhabitants per square kilometre.
The leader of Atlanta is Kasim Reed.
Atlantic City, New Jersey has a total area of 44.125 square kilometres.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is part of New Jersey.
Attica, Indiana is 166.0 above sea level.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Alabama.
The total area of Auburn (Washington) is 77.41 square kilometres.
Austin is part of Texas.
Spanish is the language spoken in California.
The largest city in DeKalb County, Georgia is Dunwoody, Georgia.
Fulton County, Georgia is in the United States.
Anderson is the county seat of Madison County, Indiana.
Michigan is in the United States.
Detroit is the largest city in Michigan.
Orange County, California is in the United States.
Portland is the largest city in Oregon.
Fort Worth is the largest city in Tarrant County, Texas.
Barack Obama is the leader of the United States.
The United States House of Representatives is located in the United States Capitol.
Pecorino Romano is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce.
Chili pepper is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce.
White rice is an ingredient in Arros negre.
Arros negre is found in the region of Catalonia.
Arros negre is from the region of the Valencian Community.
Ayam penyet is from the Singapore region.
Tomato is an ingredient in a BLT.
Baked Alaska is from Hong Kong.
Bakewell pudding can be served warm or cold.
Bandeja paisa is a dish from Colombian cuisine.
Chicharron is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa.
Bandeja paisa is located in the Paisa region.
Barny cakes have a serving size of 30.0 g.
Batagor is a variation of Shumai.
Batagor's main ingredients are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce.
Shrimp is an ingredient in Batchoy.
Beef kway teow comes from the region of Indonesia.
Bhaji and bajji are alternative names for Bhajji.
Taro is an ingredient in Binignit.
Bionico can be varied by using cottage cheese.
Bionico is a food found in Jalisco.
Chicken is a class of bird.
The currency of India is the Indian rupee.
Sumitra Mahajan is the leader of India.
Indonesian is the language spoken in Indonesia.
Aristoteles Sandoval is the leader of Jalisco.
The Banyumasan people are an ethnic group in Java.
The Malaysian Malay is an ethnic group in Malaysia.
Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader of Mexico.
Spanish is a language spoken in New York.
Shumai is a food found in China.
Peanut sauce is an ingredient of Siomay.
Malays (ethnic group) are the ethnic groups in Sumatra.
David Cameron is the leader of the United Kingdom.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000 and falls under the category of Contributing property.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is in the Monocacy National Battlefield, Frederick, Maryland.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan and is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial (Turk Sehitleri Aniti) is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku.
Akron, Ohio is in the United States where one of the ethnic groups is African American.
Salem is the capital of Oregon where Albany is located.
Albuquerque, New Mexico, United States is lead by the United States House of Representatives.
Amarillo, Texas is part of the state of Texas in the United States.
Anaheim, California is part of California and is led by the United States House of Representatives.
Anaheim, California is part of Orange County, California in the United States.
Anderson is part of Adams Township, Madison County, Indiana, United States.
Antioch, California has a total area of 75.324 square kilometres and is 13.0 above sea level.
Arlington, Texas is 184.0 above sea level and has a total area of 258.2 square kilometres.
Arlington, Texas is part of the state of Texas in the United States.
Atlanta is part of Georgia in the United States.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is part of Atlantic County, New Jersey in the United States.
Washington, D.C. is the capital of the United States where Atlantic City, New Jersey is located.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is part of Atlantic County, New Jersey in the United States.
Atlantic City, New Jersey has a population density of 1421.2 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 44.125 square kilometres.
Auburn,Washington is part of Pierce County,Washington,United States.
Albany, Oregon is part of the United States, the capital of which is Washington D.C.
Washington, D.C. is the capital of the United States, where Amarillo Texas is located.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is in the United States where one of the ethnic groups is African American.
Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the United States and Albany, Georgia is part of the United States.
Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States which is the location of Auburn, Alabama.
English is the language of the United States where Akron, Ohio is located.
President of the United States is the leader of the United States and Albuquerque, New Mexico is the country.
Tomato is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce which comes from Italy.
Arem-arem is a food found in Indonesia, where Jusuf Kalla is the leader.
Arrabbiata sauce can be found in Italy where the language is Italian.
Arrabbiata sauce can be found in Italy where Sergio Mattarella is the leader.
Arrabbiata sauce is made with chili pepper and comes from Italy.
Arros negre is from the region of the Valencian Community in Spain.
Asam pedas is a dish of fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce from Indonesia.
Ayam penyet is a food found in Malaysia and Indonesia.
BLT is a variation of the club sandwich and bacon sandwich.
Bacon and sausage are the main ingredients in a Bacon Explosion.
Bacon sandwiches are also known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin.
The BLT is a variation of a bacon sandwich which has bread as an ingredient.
Sponge cake is an ingredient in Baked Alaska which comes from France.
Baked Alaska comes from France where Manuel Valls is a leader.
Baked Alaska, which contains meringue, is a dish from the United States.
Fruit preserves are an ingredient in bakewell tart which is a variation of Bakewell pudding.
Vermicelli is an ingredient in the Indonesian dish of Bakso.
Celery belongs to the Apiaceae family and is an ingredient in Bakso.
Chicharron is an ingredient in the Colombian dish Bandeja paisa.
Barny cakes can be found in France where the leader is Claude Bartolone.
Peanut sauce is an ingredient in the Indonesian dish Batagor.
Batagor is a variation of Siomay and contains peanut sauce.
Palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish from Singapore.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore where Halimah Yacob is a leader.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore and Indonesia. The main ingredients are kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil.
Bhajji originates from India where the people are called Indians.
T. S. Thakur is the leader of India where the dish bhajji originates from.
Binignit is a dish from the Philippines, where the Igorot people are an ethnic group.
The main ingredient of binignit is banana and it comes from the Philippines.
The main ingredients of binignit are sweet potato and banana.
Bionico is a food found in Mexico where Enrique Pena Nieto is a leader.
Granola is an ingredient of Bionico which comes from the Guadalajara region.
Bionico is a dessert. Cake is also a dessert.
Bakso is a food found in Indonesia, where Joko Widodo is the leader.
Shiitake is an ingredient of Shumai which is a variation of Batagor.
Aarhus Airport is operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A/S and has a runway length of 2777.0.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastian de los Reyes and Alcobendas and is 610 metres above sea level.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located at Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastian de los Reyes and Alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh.
Al Asad Airbase is located in Al Anbar Province, Iraq and has a runway length of 3090.0.
Al Asad Airbase is located in Iraq where Arabic is spoken.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which was involved in the Invasion of Grenada.
The surface of the 1st runway at Alderney airport is poaceae which is in the class Monocotyledon.
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made of asphalt and has a length of 877.0.
Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Pakistan where Anwar Zaheer Jamali is the leader.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan and has a runway length of 2900.0.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is -3.3528 metres above sea level and its 1st runway has a length of 3800 metres.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is -3.3528 metres above sea level and its 1st runway is made of asphalt.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam and has a runway length of 2014.0.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam and has a runway length of 3300.0.
Houston is the largest city in Texas where Andrews County Airport is located.
Luanda is served by Angola International airport which has a runway length of 3800.0.
The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made of poaceae and has a length of 597.0.
Ashgabat International Airport is 211 metres above sea level and its 1st runway has a length of 12467 feet.
Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines which has its headquarters in Turkmenistan.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States.
Atlantic City International Airport, whose runway name is 4/22, is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey.
The Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey and has a runway length of 3048.0.
Afonso Pena International Airport is operated by Infraero which is located in Brasilia.
1 FC Magdeburg has 27250 members and played in the 2014-15 Regionalliga season.
A.C. Chievo Verona has 39371 members and their ground is in Verona, Italy.
The manager of A.C. Chievo Verona is Rolando Maran, born in Italy.
A.D. Isidro Metapan are managed by Jorge Humberto Rodriguez who plays for FC Dallas.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and played in the 2014-15 A EPSTH, Greece.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker (footballer) who plays for Blackburn Rovers F.C.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker (footballer) who plays for Irlam Town F.C.
A.F.C. Fylde's ground is in Lancashire and they have 3180 members.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 has 5300 members and their ground is in Gubbio.
A.S. Livorno Calcio's ground is in Livorno and they play in Serie B.
A.S. Livorno Calcio is managed by Christian Panucci who plays for A.S. Roma.
Paulo Sousa is the manager of ACF Fiorentina and plays for Juventus F.C.
The full name of ACF Fiorentina is "ACF Fiorentina S.p.A." and they have 47290 members.
AEK Athens F.C.'s ground is in Greece and they have 69618 members.
AEK Athens F.C.'s ground is the Olympic Stadium (Athens) and they play in the Superleague Greece.
AFC Ajax (amateurs)'s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst, a tenant of Jong Ajax.
AZAL Arena is the ground of AZAL PFK which is located in Shuvalan, Baku, Azerbaijan.
Akron Summit Assault played in the 2011 PDL season and has 3000 members.
A.S. Gubbio 1910's ground is in Gubbio, Umbria.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where Pietro Grasso is the leader.
Luciano Spalletti manages A.S. Roma and plays for Empoli F.C.
Eric Flint is the author of 1634: The Bavarian Crisis which was preceded by The Grantville Gazettes.
1634: The Ram Rebellion, written by Virginia DeMarce, is an e-book.
The EISSN number for AIP Advances (abbreviated to AIP Adv.) is 2158.
A Fortress of Grey Ice was written by J.V. Jones and is available in print form.
A Fortress of Grey Ice has 672 pages and the ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6.
John Cowper Powys is the author of A Glastonbury Romance which was followed by Weymouth Sands.
A Long Long Way is available in print and paperback and has the OCLC number 57392246.
A Long Long Way has 292 pages and the ISBN number 0-670-03380-4.
A Long Long Way was published by Viking Press whose parent company is Penguin Random House.
A Loyal Character Dancer was written by Qiu Xiaolong and published in print.
A Severed Wasp has the OCLC number 8805735 and the ISBN number 0-374-26131-8.
A Severed Wasp is available in hardcover and has the OCLC number 8805735.
A Severed Wasp is written in English which is spoken in Great Britain.
A Severed Wasp is in print and has the ISBN number 0-374-26131-8.
The publisher of Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universitat Hamburg is Springer Science+Business Media whose founder is Julius Springer.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is in the literary genre of Fantasy literature and has the ISBN number 0-439-92550-9.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has the OCLC number 78771100 and the ISBN number 0-439-92550-9.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was written by Brandon Sanderson and was followed by Alcatraz Versus the Scrivener's Bones.
The American Journal of Mathematics, abbreviated to Am. J. Math, comes under the academic discipline of Math.
Johns Hopkins University is the parent company of Johns Hopkins University Press who publishes the American Journal of Mathematics.
1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States where the capital is Washington D.C.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where the capital is Washington D.C.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where one of the ethnic groups is African American.
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where one of the ethnic groups is African American.
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where one of the ethnic groups is Asian Americans.
The nickname of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University in Alba is Uab.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum.
B.M. Reddy is the president of the Acharya Institute of Technology which is located in the city of Bangalore.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was given the 'Technical Campus' status by the All India Council for Technical Education which is located in Mumbai.
AWH Engineering College is in the state of Kerala where the leader is Kochi.
The United States national Peter Laird is the creator of April O'Neil.
Bananaman, starring Jill Shilling, was broadcast by the BBC.
Graeme Garden stars in Bananaman, broadcasted by STV.
Tim Brooke-Taylor, who starred in Bananaman, was born in Derbyshire.
Baymax first appeared in the film Big Hero 6 which stars Alan Tudyk.
Baymax first appeared in the film Big Hero 6 which stars Scott Adsit.
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 and was created by Steven T. Seagle.
Ben Urich's full name is Benjamin Urich and he was created by the comic book writer, Roger McKenzie.
Bibbo Bibbowski was created by Jerry Ordway and Marv Wolfman.
Bibbo Bibbowski's full name is Bo Bibbowski and was created by Marv Wolfman.
Alan Bean was born on Mar 15, 1932 and is now retired.
Test pilot Alan Shepard has died.
Buzz Aldrin was born on the 20th of January 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, Essex County, New Jersey.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and served as a crew member of Apollo 8.
William Anders, now retired, graduated from AFIT, M.S. in 1962.
108 St. Georges Terrace was completed in 1988 and has 50 floors.
200 Public Square is located in the United States and has a floor count of 45.
20 Fenchurch Street has 34 floors and a floor area of 62145.3 square metres.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago and has 60 floors.
320 South Boston Building was designed by the architect George Winkler who is from the United States.
HOK SVE was the architect of the 3Arena at East Link Bridge.
3Arena, designed by the company Populous, is located in Dublin.
Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen.
Adare Manor was designed by George Richard Pain and completed in 1862.
Adare Manor is located in Adare, County Limerick.
Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka and has the architectural style of Tudor Revival.
Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka and has the architectural style of Tudor Revival.
The Brazilians are an ethnic group in Japan where the Akita Museum of Art is located.
The Akita Museum of Art has 3 floors and is located at 1-4-2 Nakadori.
Amdavad ni Gufa's address is "Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus, near CEPT University, opp. Gujarat University, University Road", Gujarat.
Austin Fernando is the leader of the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka where Ampara Hospital is located.
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, United States.
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in Brooklyn, New York City.
Adare Manor is located in County Limerick which is part of Munster.
3Arena is located in Dublin which is part of the Republic of Ireland.
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas and is now retired. He is from the United States.
Buzz Aldrin is a national of the United States who was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. Joe Biden is a leader of the United States.
Buzz Aldrin is a US national who graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963. He was selected by NASA in 1963.
American Elliot See was born in Dallas and attended the University of Texas at Austin.
Elliot See graduated from the University of Texas at Austin and was selected by NASA in 1962. He died in St. Louis.
Elliot See, who was a student at the University of Texas at Austin, died in St. Louis where Francis G. Slay is a leader.
Elliot See died in St. Louis, which is part of the Kingdom of France, on February 28, 1966.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire where the purple finch is a native bird. He spent 13017 minutes in space.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis, written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint, is in print and has 448 pages.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was preceded by 1634: The Galileo Affair and is written in English which is the language spoken in Great Britain.
ACM Transactions on Information Systems is published by the Association for Computing Machinery headquartered in New York City and led by Alexander L. Wolf.
The AIDS (journal) is part of the academic discipline HIV/AIDS. It has the ISSN number 0269-9370.
The AIDS (journal) is part of the academic discipline HIV/AIDS and has the ISSN number 1473-5571.
AIP Advances was edited by A.T. Charlie Johnson who lives in the United States and attended Stanford University.
A Fortress of Grey Ice, written by J.V. Jones, has an ISBN number of 0-7653-0633-6 and an OCLC number of 51969173.
Qiu Xiaolong is the author of A Loyal Character Dancer which has the OCLC number 49805501 and the ISBN number 1-56947-301-3.
A Loyal Character Dancer is written in English and published by Soho Press in the United States.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States and written in English, which is the language spoken in Great Britain.
A Severed Wasp is a hardcover book with 388 pages and an OCLC number of 8805735.
Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universitat Hamburg (abbreviated to Abh. Math. Semin. Univ. Hambg.) has an ISSN number of 1865-8584 and LCCN number of 32024459.
Aenir is written in English and was followed by Above the Veil which is an Australian novel.
Garth Nix is the author of Aenir which was followed by Above the Veil which is written in English.
Garth Nix is the author of Above the Veil which has 248 pages and is available in hardcover.
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica, abbreviated to Acta Palaeontol. Pol., has an ISSN number of 0567-7920 and an LCCN number of 60040714.
The Addiction journal, abbreviated to Addiction, has an ISSN number of 1360-0443.
John Wiley & Sons is the parent company of Wiley-Blackwell who publishes the Addiction journal which has the ISSN number 0965-2140.
Cornell University, New York, is affiliated with the Association of American Universities and is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly.
The English novel Aenir was written by Garth Nix and was followed by Above the Veil.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in English which is the language spoken in Great Britain. It originates from the United States.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is available in hardcover and has 320 pages. It has the OCLC number 78771100.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from The United States where English is spoken (as in Great Britain).
A Glastonbury Romance was written by John Cowper Powys who was born in Shirley, Derbyshire and died in Blaenau Ffestiniog.
The ISSN number "0001-8392" is for Administrative Science Quarterly which is published by SAGE Publications whose founder is Sara Miller McCune.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where the Native Americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is Washington D.C.
A Wizard of Mars, written in English, is published in the United States, where one of the ethnic groups is African American.
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States, where the capital is Washington D.C. and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States where the leader is known as the President and African Americans are an ethnic group.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where the leader is known as the President and Native Americans are an ethnic group.
The manager of FC Magdeburg is Jens Hartle, who plays for 1. FC Lokomotive Leipzig and SV Germania Schoneiche.
Massimo Drago has been the manager of A C Cesena and played for A.S.D. Licata 1931 and A.S.D. S.S. Nola 1925.
Associazione Calcio Lumezzane SpA (abbreviated to A.C. Lumezzane) has 4150 members and play in the Lega Pro/A.
Jorge Humberto Rodriguez manages the A.D. Isidro Metapan and plays for both Alianza F.C. and the El Salvador national football team.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and its ground is in Efxeinoupoli. Its chairman is Antonis Milionis.
The full name of A.F.C. Blackpool is "Association Football Club Blackpool". The club has 1500 members and its ground is in Blackpool.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker (footballer) who plays for both Chesterfield FC and Runcorn FC Halton.
The manager of A.F.C. Fylde is Dave Challinor who plays for Stockport County F.C. and Colwyn Bay F.C. club.
A.S. Livorno Calcio's fullname is "Livorno Calcio S.p.A." and they have 19238 members. Their ground is located in Livorno, Italy.
A.S. Livorno Calcio are managed by Christian Panucci, they play in the Serie B league which has Carpi FC 1909 as previous champions.
A.S. Livorno Calcio are managed by Christian Panucci who plays for Chelsea FC and Real Madrid CF.
AEK Athens F.C.'s ground is in Greece and they play in the Superleague of Greece. Olympiacos F.C. are previous champions of the Superleague of Greece.
AEK Athens F.C. manager is Gus Poyet who plays for Real Zaragoza and Chelsea F.C.
Amsterdam-Centrum is part of Amsterdam whose leader is Eberhard van der Laan. AFC Ajax (amateurs)'s ground is in Amsterdam.
Amsterdam-Noord is part of Amsterdam whose leader is Eberhard van der Laan. Amsterdam is the home ground of AFC Ajax (amateurs).
John van den Brom manages the AZ Alkmaair and plays for both Jong Ajax and Istanbulspor AS.
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense play at the Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in the Brazil Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C league.
Luciano Spalletti manages A.S. Roma and plays for Udinese Calcio and Empoli F.C.
Massimo Drago plays for both A.S.D. Licata 1931 and S.S. Chieti Calcio while managing A.C. Cesena.
Massimo Drago is part of the U.S. Castrovillari Calcio club and manages A.C. Cesena. He is also part of the A.S.D. S.S. Nola 1925 club.
Massimo Drago is attached to the club S.S. Chieti Calcio and plays for U.S Castrovillari Calcio. He is the manager of A.C. Cesena.
103 Colmore Row is located at Colmore Row and was designed by the architect John Madin, who was born in Birmingham.
200 Public Square is in Cleveland, Cuyahoga County, Ohio where Frank G Jackson is a leader.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States and has a floor area of 30843.8 square metres and a floor count of 12.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, part of DuPage County, Illinois where Rahm Emanuel is a leader.
The architect of 320 South Boston Building, with 22 floors, was George Winkler, from the United States.
HOK SVE was the architect of 3Arena, which was completed in December 2008 and is located at North Wall Quay.
Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, Denmark, which has 23 floors.
3XN was the architect of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen which has 23 floors and is currently tenanted by Marriott International.
Augustus Pugin was born in Bloomsbury and designed the Adare Manor and the Palace of Westminster.
Adare Manor, designed by Philip Charles Hardwick, was completed in 1862 and is owned by JP McManus.
Adisham Hall, Haputale, has the architectural style of Tudor and Jacobean and was completed in 1931.
Adisham Hall, Sri Lanka, was completed in 1931 and has the architectural style of Tudor and Jacobean.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka. The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe.
Adisham Hall is in Sri Lanka where the capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and the currency is the Sri Lankan rupee.
The Mason School of Business in the United States are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall which was started on being built on 30 March 2007.
Julia Morgan, born in San Francisco, designed the Asilomar Conference Grounds and the Riverside Art Museum.
Julia Morgan, born in California, designed significant buildings in Chinatown, San Francisco and the Asilomar Conference Grounds.
Asilomar Conference Grounds is located on Asilomar Blvd., Pacific Grove, California and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February the 27nd 1987 with the reference number 87000823.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in Avenue A, Manhattan and was constructed in 1904. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City and was constructed in 1904. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin, who was born in Birmingham, which is lead by the Conservative Party (UK).
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin who was born in Birmingham where the Liberal Democrats are the main party.
Hailemariam Desalegn is the leader of Ethiopia where the Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, Gujarat where Anandiben Patel is the leader.
Bill Marriott is a key person at Marriott International which is located in Bethesda, Maryland and is the tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen.
Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States where Albany is part of Dougherty County, Georgia.
Albuquerque, New Mexico has a population density of 1142.3 (inhabitants per square kilometre) and a total area of 490.9 square kilometres. The leader of Albuquerque is the New Mexico Senate.
Alpharetta, Georgia is part of Fulton County, Georgia in the United States where one of the ethnic groups is African American.
Alpharetta, Georgia is part of the U.S. state of Georgia and has an ethnic group called Asian Americans.
Alpharetta, Georgia is located in the United States, where Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital is Washington, D.C.
Anaheim, California has an area code of 657, 714 and a total area of 131.6 square kilometres. It has a UTC offset of -7.
The leader of Anaheim, California is the California State Senate which is located in the California State Capitol.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Lafayette Township, Madison County, Indiana, United States.
Angola, Indiana is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County, in the United States, where there is an ethnic group of Asian Americans.
The United States House of Representatives is the leader of Antioch, Contra Costa County, which is part of Contra Costa Bay Area and is part of San Francisco Bay Area.
Arlington, Texas is part of Tarrant County, Texas, United States. Its county seat is Fort Worth.
Atlanta is located in the United States, where Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital is Washington, D.C.
Atlanta has a total area of 347.1 square kilometres and a population density of 1299.0 inhabitants per square kilometre. It has a code 404 area.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is part of the United States. Newark is the largest city in New Jersey.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is part of Atlantic County, New Jersey in the U.S. The largest city in the U.S. is New York City.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Alabama in the United States.
Washington, D.C. is the capital of the United States where Auburn is located.
Auburn, Washington (part of Washington) is part of Washington (state) with the capital city of Olympia (Washington) in the United States.
Atlanta is the capital of Georgia which is part of the U.S. state of Georgia. Albany, Georgia is part of Dougherty County, Georgia.
Madison County, Indiana is in the United States and has Anderson as its largest city. It is also where Alexandria is located.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is part of New Jersey in the U.S. The capital of New Jersey is Trenton.
Houston is the largest city in Texas, where the language is English, and Arlington is part of the state.
Attica, Indiana is part of Fountain County, Indiana, United States. The capital of the United States is Washington D.C.
Attica, Indiana is part of Fountain County, in the United States where the capital is Washington D.C.
English is the language of the United States where the capital city is Washington D.C. and Akron, Ohio is in the United States.
Akron, Ohio is part of Summit County, Ohio in the United States where one of the ethnic groups is Asian Americans.
Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States where Albany is part of Benton County.
Barack Obama is the leader of the United States where the Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups and Albuquerque, New Mexico is home to Albuquerque.
African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where the language is English and Albany is in Georgia.
Angola, India is located in the United States where English is the language and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Aarhus Airport, operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A/S, has a runway length of 2776.0 metres and a runway name of 10R/28L.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves Lake Placid, New York and Saranac Lake, New York. Its runway is 2003.0 long.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in Paracuellos de Jarama which is part of the Community of Madrid in Spain.
Agra Airport in Uttar Pradesh is operated by the Indian Air Force and has the ICAO location identifier of VIAG.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase which is located in Iraq and has a runway length of 3992.88.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase and fought in the United States bombing of Libya in 1986. The McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle is an aircraft fighter.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, who fought in the Invasion of Grenada. The McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle is an aircraft fighter.
Alderney is served by Alderney airport where the 1st runway is made from Poaceae and has a runway length of 877.0.
Jinnah International Airport is the headquarters of the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority which operates the Allama Iqbal International Airport in Pakistan.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan. Its runway name is 18L/36R and it has a length of 2900.0.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located 210 metres above sea level in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan, United States.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas and is 973 metres above sea level. Its runway length is 1773.0.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas and is 973 metres above sea level. Its runway length is 896.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas where the capital is Austin and the English language is spoken.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States, which has the demonym of Tejano.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp, Belgium where the German language is spoken.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States.
The Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey which serves the New Jersey region and has its headquarters at the Four World Trade Center.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States and has a runway length of 3048.0.
Allama Iqbal International Airport serves the city of Lahore in Pakistan where Anwar Zaheer Jamali is the leader.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, which is part of the community of Madrid and the leader party is Ahora Madrid.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Spain where the leader party is Ahora Madrid.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid Barajas Airport is found in San Sebastian de los Reyes, Spain where the leader party is the Peoples Party.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania, United States. Carrol County, Maryland is southeast of Adams County.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Gettysburg, Adams County, Pennsylvania, which has Carrol County, Maryland to its southeast.
The native name of the Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is Turk Sehitleri Aniti. It is located in Baku, the capital of Azerbaijan.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan where the leader is Artur Rasizade and the National Assembly is the legislature.
The Ataturk Monument (Izmir) is located in Turkey, where the leader is Ahmet Davutoglu and the capital is Ankara.
Guanciale is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce which comes from the Lazio region of Italy.
The main ingredients of Arem-arem, a Javanese dish, are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings.
Tomato belongs to the family of solanaceae and is a division of flowering plants. It is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce.
Arrabbiata sauce is a traditional Italian sauce made with olive oil and comes from the region of Rome.
Arrabbiata sauce is a traditional Italian sauce made with tomatoes and comes from the region of Rome.
Asam pedas is a dish from the Malay Peninsula region of Malaysia. The main ingredients are fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia, where the capital is Kuala Lumpur and the leader is Arifin Zakaria.
Ayam penyet is a food found in Malaysia and Indonesia. The Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group from Malaysia.
BLT is a variation of both the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich. Lettuce is one of the ingredients in a BLT.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and White Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
The Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where John Roberts is the leader and the capital city is Washington, D.C.
A variation of a bacon sandwich is the BLT, which is a variation of a club sandwich. Bread is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich.
Baked Alaska, containing sponge cake, is a dish from France and New York.
Baked Alaska is from France where the leader is Manuel Valls and the currency is the euro.
Christmas pudding is an ingredient of Baked Alaska which is from the New York region of the United States.
Sponge cake is an ingredient of Baked Alaska and is a dessert. Cookies are also a type of dessert.
Bakewell pudding is a dessert from the Derbyshire Dales region. The main ingredients are ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs.
Bakewell pudding (or tart) originates from the Derbyshire Dales. The main ingredients are ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs.
Beef is an ingredient of Bakso which is a dish from Indonesia.
Avocado is an ingredient of Bandeja paisa, a dish from the Paisa region of Colombia.
Bandeja paisa is a dish from the Paisa region of Colombia. Hogao is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa.
Barny cakes can be found in France where the leaders are Claude Bartolone and Manuel Valls.
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines and the main ingredients are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp, and beef.
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines and the main ingredients are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Singapore and Indonesia. Tony Tan is the leader of Singapore.
Sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish from Singapore and Indonesia.
Oyster sauce is an ingredient in beef kway teow, a dish from Singapore and Indonesia.
Bhajji originates from India where the currency is the Indian rupee and the leader is Sumitra Mahajan.
Banana is an ingredient in binignit which is a type of dessert. A cookie is also a type of dessert.
Binignit is a type of dessert, containing sago. Cookie is also a type of dessert.
Taro is an ingredient in Binignit which is a type of dessert. A cookie is also a type of dessert.
The main ingredients of Binignit are sweet potato and banana. Sweet potato belongs to the Solanales order of plants.
Granola is an ingredient of Bionico which is a dessert found in Mexico.
Bionico is a food found in Guadalajara, Mexico and contains raisins.
Bionico is a food found in Mexico where the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo and the currency is the Mexican peso.
Amatriciana sauce can be found in Italy where the capital is Rome and the leader is Pietro Grasso.
The Igorot people are an ethnic group from the Philippines where Arabic is spoken and batchoy is eaten.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore, where English is spoken and the leader is Tony Tan.
Tomato belongs to the Solanaceae family and is a member of the Solanales order. It is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce.
The AWH Engineering College in Kerala, India has 250 academic staff.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University.
AWH Engineering College is in the state of Kerala which has Mahe, India to its northwest. The leader of Kerala is Kochi.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania. The country's anthem is Desteapta-te, romane! and its ethnic group is the Germans of Romania.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania. Romania's ethnic group is the Germans of Romania and its leader is Klaus Iohannis.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the European University Association which has its headquarters in Brussels.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 in the city of Aarhus, Denmark.
Albert Uderzo and Rene Goscinny created the comic character of Asterix.
Tim Brooke-Taylor starred in Bananaman which was broadcast by the BBC on 15 April 1986.
Scott Adsit starred in the film Big Hero 6, which was distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures. Baymax first appeared in the film.
Scott Adsit stars in the film Big Hero 6 which was distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures. Baymax is a character in the film.
Big Hero 6, starring Ryan Potter, is distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures. Baymax is a character in the film Big Hero 6.
The comic book character Blockbuster, whose alternative name is Mark Desmond, was created by Carmine Infantino and Gardner Fox.
The comic character Bolt, also known as Larry Bolatinsky, was created by Gary Cohn and Dan Mishkin.
The comic character Bolt, also known as Larry Bolatinsky, was created by Gary Cohn and Ernie Colon.
Construction of 103 Colmore Row in Birmingham began in 1973 and was completed in 1976. It has 23 floors.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where the capital is Cape Town and Asian South Africans are one of the ethnic groups. Coloured people are also one of the ethnic groups.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, Cuyahoga County, Ohio, United States. The governing body of Cleveland is Cleveland City Council.
250 Delaware Avenue cost 110 million dollars and is located in Buffalo, New York. It has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843.8 square metres.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, Cook County, Illinois, United States where Rahm Emanuel is a leader.
300 North LaSalle, Illinois, has 60 floors and a floor area of 120770.0 square metres. It was completed in 2009.
3Arena is located in Dublin, Leinster, Republic of Ireland and is owned by Live Nation Entertainment.
Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen. The hotel has 23 floors and was designed by architect 3XN.
Adare Manor is located in Adare, County Limerick, Munster. Limerick City and County Council govern County Limerick.
The Brazilians are an ethnic group in Japan where the Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita, which is part of Akita Prefecture, Japan. One of the ethnic groups in Japan is the Filipinos.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita Prefecture, Japan. Vietnamese people are an ethnic group in Japan.
The Brazilians are an ethnic group in Japan where the Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita Prefecture.
The College of William and Mary is the owner of the Alan B. Miller Hall which was completed on 1 June 2009 at 101 Ukrop Way in Williamsburg, Virginia.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, India. Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders of India.
Asilomar Conference Grounds is located in Pacific Grove, California and was constructed in 1913. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987 with the reference number 87000823.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in Avenue A, Manhattan. It was constructed in 1904 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980 with the reference number 80002709.
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, which is part of Brooklyn. The leader of Manhattan is Cyrus Vance Jr.
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, Manhattan, United States. The leader of Manhattan is Gale Brewer.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin, who was born in Birmingham, which has the B postcode and is lead by Andrew Mitchell.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin who was born in Birmingham, which has the B postcode and is led by the Labour Party (UK).
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, India, where Sumitra Mahajan and Anandiben Patel are leaders.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, India. The leader of India is T. S. Thakur and Narendra Modi is also a leader.
The Brazilians are an ethnic group in Japan where the Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom, where Elizabeth II is the leader and the Parliament of the United Kingdom is the leader. The capital city of the United Kingdom is London and the country is the location of 20 Fenchurch Street.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States where the leader is called Joe Biden and the language is English. The leader of the United States is President of the United States.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000 in the state of Pennsylvania in the United States and falls under the category of Contributing property.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan, the capital of which is Baku. The leader of Azerbaijan is Prime Minister Artur Rasizade.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It is located in Azerbaijan, the capital of which is Baku. The native name of the memorial is "Turk Sehitleri Aniti".
Frederick, Maryland is the nearest city to the Monocacy National Battlefield in Frederick County, Maryland. The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established on 11 July 1907.
The Ataturk Monument (Izmir) is made of bronze and is located in Turkey. The capital of Turkey is Ankara and the leader is Ahmet Davutoglu.
The Ataturk Monument in Izmir, Turkey was designed by Pietro Canonica and inaugurated on 27 July 1932. The title of the Turkish leader is President of Turkey.
Albany, Georgia is part of the U.S. state of Georgia and is part of the United States. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S. and English is spoken in the U.S.
Albuquerque, New Mexico has a population density of 1142.3 inhabitants per square kilometre. The total area of Albuquerque is 490.9 (square kilometres) and the area codes are 505 and 575.
Atlanta is the county seat of Alpharetta, Georgia, which is part of Fulton County, Georgia, in the United States.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Potter County, Texas in the United States, where the capital is Washington D.C. and African Americans are an ethnic group.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Potter County, Texas in the U.S. Austin is the capital of Texas.
The leader of Anaheim, California is the California State Assembly which is located in California State Capitol. Anaheim is part of California where Spanish is spoken.
Anderson, Indiana is located between Adams, Fall Creek, Lafayette, Richland and Union. It has a population of 523.9 inhabitants per square kilometre and 107.43 square kilometres.
Angola, Indiana is part of Pleasant Township,Steuben County, Indiana in the United States and has a total area of 16.55 square kilometres.
Antioch, California has a population of 102372 and an area code of 925. It has a total area of 75.324 square kilometres and has a UTC offset of -7.
Atlantic City, New Jersey has an area of 44.125 square kilometres and a population density of 1421.2 inhabitants per square kilometre. The leader of Atlantic City, New Jersey is called the Mayors of Atlantic City.
Auburn, Alabama in the United States is part of Lee County, Alabama where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Alabama in the United States where one of the ethnic groups is African American.
The capital of the United States is Washington, D.C. Auburn, Washington is part of King County, Washington and is part of Pierce County, Washington.
King County, Washington is part of the state of Auburn, Washington, which is part of the United States. The capital of the United States is Washington, D.C.
San Marcos is the county seat of Hays County, Texas where the largest city is Houston. Austin is part of Hays County, Texas.
The Chinese language is spoken in California where the State Assembly (located in the California State Capitol) is the leader. Anaheim, California is part of California.
Atlanta is the county seat of Alpharetta, Georgia which is part of Fulton County, Georgia in the U.S. state of Georgia.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Lafayette Township, Madison County, Indiana, United States. Indianapolis is the capital of Indiana.
Houston is the largest city in Texas, United States, where the language is English. Arlington, Texas is part of the state.
Albany, Oregon is part of Benton County, Oregon in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is Washington D.C.
Washington D.C. is the capital of the United States, where the largest city is New York City. Atlantic City, New Jersey is part of the U.S.
Barack Obama is the leader of the United States where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups and Albuquerque, New Mexico is home to Barack Obama.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is in the United States and is lead by the New Mexico Senate. The Senate is led by John Sanchez. One of the ethnic groups in the United States are the Asian Americans.
Albany, Oregon is part of Benton County, Oregon in the United States, where Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital is Washington D.C.
Barack Obama is the leader of the United States where the Native Americans are an ethnic group. Albuquerque, New Mexico is lead by the Mayor and Albuquerque is the location of Albuquerque, New Mexico.
Albany, Georgia is part of the United States where English is the primary language. Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the United States.
Angola, Indiana is part of Indiana in the United States where English is the language and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Angola, Indiana is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County, in the United States, where English is the language and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
The manager of FC Magdeburg is Jens Hartle, who is part of the FSV Zwickau club. He is also part of the club SV Babelsberg 03 and also plays for 1. FC Union Berlin.
The manager of A.C. Chievo Verona is Rolando Maran who was born in Italy and plays for F.C. Bari 1908. He is attached to the club Carrarese Calcio.
Michele Marcolini has been manager of AC Lumezzane. He was born in Italy and plays for Torino F.C. and A.C. Chievo Verona.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and their ground is in Efxeinoupoli. They play in the A EPSTH 2nd GROUP and the chairman is Antonis Milionis.
Stuart Parker (footballer) plays for Stockport County FC and manages A.F.C. Blackpool. Blackpool's leader is the Conservative Party (UK).
Gordon Marsden is the leader of Blackpool which is the location of AFC Blackpool. The club's manager is Stuart Parker (footballer) who plays for Stockport County FC.
The full name of A.F.C. Fylde is "Association Football Club Fylde" and they have 3180 members. Their ground is in Warton, Fylde, Lancashire and they played in the 2014 season.
The full name of A.F.C. Fylde is "Association Football Club Fylde" and they have 3180 members. Their ground is Bryning Lane.
Paulo Sousa is the manager of ACF Fiorentina. He plays for both Juventus F.C. and Maccabi Tel Aviv F.C. and is attached to the club Inter Milan.
AEK Athens F.C.'s ground is in Greece and they have 69618 members. They competed in the Superleague Greece in the 2014 season.
AFC Ajax (amateurs)'s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst, owned by AFC Ajax N.V. and tenanted by Jong Ajax.
The full name of AFC Ajax (amateurs) is "Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax Amateurs". The nickname of AFC Ajax (amateurs) is "Joden, Godenzonen". The club has 5000 members and played in the 2014 season.
John van den Brom is the manager of AZ Alkmaar. He plays for Vitesse Arnhem, AFC Ajax and the Netherlands national football team.
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is Estadio Minicipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Alagoas. They play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C league where Vila Nova Futebol Clube are the champions.
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Estadio Minicipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Alagoas, Brazil. They play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C league.
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Estadio Minicipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C league in Brazil.
Akron Summit Assault's ground is St. Vincent-St. Mary High School in the city of Akron, Summit County, Ohio, United States.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella are leaders. Rome is the capital of Italy.
Peter Stoger plays for both SK Vorwarts Steyr and FC Admira Wacker Modling. He is also the manager of 1. FC Koln and plays for FK Austria Wien.
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene, Texas. It is 546 metres above sea level and has a runway name of 17L/35R with a length of 2194.0.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the cities of Lake Placid and Saranac Lake, New York. It is 507 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2003.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located at Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastian de los Reyes and Alcobendas. The airport's runway name is 18L/36R and it has a length of 3500.
Agra Airport is operated by the Indian Air Force and is located in India. It has the IATA location identifier AGR and the ICAO location identifier VIAG.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase which is located in Iraq. The runway name is 08/26 and it has a length of 3990.0.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase in Al Anbar Province, Iraq. The runway name is 09R/27L and it has a length of 3990.0.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who were involved in battles at the Invasion of Grenada. They deploy the Lockheed AC-130 attack aircraft and the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle fighter aircraft.
Allama Iqbal International Airport serves the city of Lahore in Pakistan. It is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority and has a runway length of 2900.0.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam and is -3.3528 above sea level. The runway name is 09/27 Buitenveldertbaan and it has a runway length of 2014.0.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam and is -3.3528 above sea level. The runway name is 18L/36R 'Aalsmeerbaan' and is 2014.0 in length.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas and serves the city of Andrews. It is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 929.0.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States, where the capital is Austin and the inhabitants have the demonym of Tejano.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States, where the capital is Austin and the English language is spoken.
Angola International Airport is located in Icolo e Bengo, Luanda Province, Angola.
Antwerp International Airport is owned by the Flemish Region and operated by the Flemish government. It is located 12 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 600.0.
Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines which has its headquarters in Turkmenistan. The hub airport for Turkmenistan Airlines is Turkmenbashi International Airport.
Athens International Airport is located in Spata and serves the city of Athens. It is 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 metres.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States and serves the city of Atlantic City. Don Guardian is the leader of Atlantic City, New Jersey.
Atlantic City International Airport is owned by the South Jersey Transportation Authority which is led by Stephen Dilts. The airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, in the United States.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp, Belgium. The leader of Belgium is Charles Michel and the language spoken is German.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium where the leader is Philippe of Belgium and the language spoken is French.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake, Harrietstown, Essex County, New York, United States.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq. The Kurdish language is spoken in Iraq and the leader is Fuad Masum.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq. Haider al-Abadi is the leader of Iraq, where the Kurdish language is spoken.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan and serves the city of Lahore. Malik Muhammad Rafique Rajwana is the leader of Punjab, Pakistan.
The surface of the 1st runway at Alderney airport is poaceae. Poaceae belongs to the division of flowering plants and is in the class Monocotyledon.
Rona Fairhead is a key person at the BBC which is the location of Broadcasting House in London. The BBC broadcast Bananaman.
Bananaman first aired on 10/03/1983 and was broadcast by STV. It was created by Steve Bright and starred Jill Shilling.
Baymax is a character in the film Big Hero 6 which stars Ryan Potter. It was created by the American, Duncan Rouleau.
The comic character Bolt, also known as Larry Bolatinsky, was created by Gary Cohn and the Puerto Rican national Ernie Colon.
Eric Flint, born in Burbank, California, is the author of 1634: The Bavarian Crisis which was preceded by DeMarce short stories in the Grantville Gazettes and Grantville Gazette III.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint, Virginia DeMarce, et al. and has 512 pages. The book has the ISBN number 1-4165-2060-0.
The AIDS (journal) is published in the United Kingdom by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, whose parent company is Wolters Kluwer. The United Kingdom is led by Elizabeth II.
A Fortress of Grey Ice, written by J.V. Jones, is available in hardcover. It has the ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6 and the OCLC number 51969173.
A Loyal Character Dancer, written by Qiu Xiaolong, is available in hardcover and has the OCLC number 49805501 and the ISBN number 1-56947-301-3.
A Loyal Character Dancer is written in English which is the language spoken in Great Britain. It originates from the United States where the Native Americans are an ethnic group.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States. English is the language of the United States and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups there.
A Wizard of Mars, written by Diane Duane, is available in hardcover and has 560 pages. The ISBN number is 978-0-15-204770-2.
Acta Mathematica Hungarica is abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar. It comes under the academic discipline of Mathematics. It has an LCCN number of 83646315 and an ISSN number of 0236-5294.
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica, abbreviated Acta Palaeontol. Pol., is academically focused on Paleobiology. It has an LCCN number of 60040714 and an ISSN number of 0567-7920.
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica, abbreviated to Acta Palaeontol. Pol., was published by the Polish Academy of Sciences and has an ISSN number of 1732-2421 and an LCCN number of 60040714.
Cornell University, New York, is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities and the Association of American Universities. It is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly.
Cornell University in Ithaca, New York is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly and is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities.
Aenir is available in paperback and has a total of 233 pages. It was written by Garth Nix and has the ISBN number 0-439-17684-0.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in English which is the language spoken in Great Britain. The book originates from the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.
The American Journal of Mathematics was first published in 1878 and is published by the Johns Hopkins University Press in the United States. The parent company of Johns Hopkins University Press is Johns Hopkins University.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from The United States where English is spoken (as in Great Britain) and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
A Wizard of Mars was published in the United States where the leader is Barack Obama. The book was written in English which is the language spoken in Great Britain.
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups. It is written in English and published in the United States.
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and English is the language spoken in Great Britain.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where the language is English and the leader is Barack Obama. Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the U.S.
Alan Bean was an American born in Wheeler, Texas. He was selected by NASA in 1963 and spent 100305 minutes in space.
Alan Shepard was a crew member of NASA's Apollo 14. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the US Navy, which ranks higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong where Chris Patten was a representative. He was a crew member of Apollo 8 along with Frank Borman.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963. He was a member of the Apollo 11 crew and is now retired.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and was selected by NASA in 1963. He was a fighter pilot and a member of the Apollo 11 crew.
Buzz Aldrin was born Edwin Eugene Aldrin Jr. and received 20 awards. He was a crew member of Apollo 11 which was operated by NASA.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the US Navy, which ranks higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
Alan Shepard died in California, where Dianne Feinstein is a senator. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the US Navy, which ranks higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
American Elliot See was born in Dallas and attended the University of Texas at Austin. He died in St. Louis.
William Anders served as a fighter pilot and became a crew member of Apollo 8 which was operated by NASA in 1963.
The AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor, India was established in 2001. The Ganges is a river in India.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore - 560090, India. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum.
The director of the Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar. The Institute is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Mumbai was given the 'Technical Campus' status by the All India Council for Technical Education. The institute offers tennis, which is governed by the International Tennis Federation.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Alba County, Romania. The capital of Romania is Bucharest.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Aarhus, Denmark. Aarhus has a magistrate government. The leader of the country is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
The AWH Engineering College is located in Kuttikkattoor, Kerala. It has 250 academic staff. The leader of Kerala is Kochi.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania. Romania's capital is Bucharest and its ethnic group is the Germans of Romania. The national anthem is Desteapta-te, romane!
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is in Alba Iulia, Romania. Romania's capital is Bucharest and its leader is Klaus Iohannis.
Tomatoes, guanciale, cheese, olive oil are the main ingredients of Amatriciana sauce which is from the Lazio region of Italy.
Arrabbiata sauce can be found in Italy where the capital is Rome and the leaders are Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella.
Arros negre is from the Catalonia region of Spain. The main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers.
White rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers are the main ingredients of Arros negre. This dish comes from the Catalonia region of Spain.
Arros negre is from the Catalonia region of Spain. The leader of Catalonia is the Parliament of Catalonia and one of the ethnic groups in Spain is the Spaniards.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia and Sumatra. Batak is an ethnic group in Malaysia and the Malaysian Malay are an ethnic group in Malaysia.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia and Sumatra. Malays and Minangkabau people are ethnic groups from Sumatra.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and the capital is Washington D.C. Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups there.
The Bacon Explosion comes from the United States, where John Roberts is a leader and the capital is Washington D.C. Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the United States.
Bacon sandwiches are popular in the UK and include ketchup as an ingredient. BLT is a variation of a club sandwich and a BLT is a variation of a BLT.
The bacon sandwich, also known as bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin, comes from the United Kingdom and its main ingredients are bread and bacon with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment.
Baked Alaska is a dessert found in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. Cookies are also a type of dessert.
The main ingredients of Baked Alaska are meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding. The dish hails from either Paris, New York or Hong Kong.
Baked Alaska is from France, the United States or China and originates from Hong Kong. Its main ingredients are meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding.
Baked Alaska is a dish from Hong Kong, United States. The main ingredients are meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding.
Fruit preserves are an ingredient in Bakewell tart, a dish from the Derbyshire Dales region. Bakewell tart is a variation of Bakewell pudding.
Ground beef, tapioca, noodle, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables, and fried shallots are the main ingredients of Bakso which is popular all over Indonesia and also in neighbouring Southeast Asian countries.
Ground beef, tapioca, noodle, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables, and fried shallots are the main ingredients of Bakso which is a dish from Indonesia.
Bandeja paisa is a Colombian dish from the Paisa region. The main ingredients are kidney beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon.
Bandeja paisa is a Colombian dish from the Paisa region. The main ingredients are red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon.
Barny cakes can be found in France where Gerard Larcher and Francois Holland are leaders. French is the language spoken in France.
Batagor is a dish from Indonesia and is a variation of both Siomay and Shumai. Shiitake is one of the ingredients in Shumai.
Batchoy is a dish from the region of La Paz, Iloilo City, Philippines. The main ingredients are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
Batchoy comes from the Philippines and is served as a soup. The main ingredients are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
Kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of Beef kway teow which is a popular dish in Singapore and Indonesia.
Beef kway teow is a dish found in Indonesia and Singapore. Standard Chinese is spoken in Singapore and the leader is Halimah Yacob.
Kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of Beef kway teow which is a dish from Singapore and Indonesia.
Bhajji come from the Karnataka region of India. They have the alternative names of Bhaji and bajji and contain vegetables.
Bhajji originates from the Karnataka region. The main ingredients of bhajji are gram flour and vegetables and are also known as bhaji or bajji.
Binignit includes the ingredients sago and sweet potato (part of the flowering plant order of Solanales).
Binignit is a food found in the Visayas region of the Philippines. Coconut milk is one of the main ingredients of Binignit along with sago.
Bionico is a dessert found in Mexico and Jalisco. It contains granola.
Bionico comes from the Guadalajara region of Mexico. The main ingredients are chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins.
Bionico is a dessert found in Mexico where the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo. Cookies are also a type of dessert.
Bakso, which contains tapioca, comes from Indonesia, where Jusuf Kalla is the leader.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore and Java. The Baduy are an ethnic group in Java. Tony Tan is the leader of Singapore.
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines where Philippine Spanish is spoken and the Ilocano people and Zamboangans are ethnic groups.
The Igorot people and the Zamboangans are ethnic groups from the Philippines, where Arabic is spoken and batchoy is eaten.
Binignit is a dessert found in the Philippines where the language is Philippine English. Cookies are also a type of dessert.
Sandesh (confectionery) and Binignit are desserts, as is Sandesh. Binignit is a dish from the Philippines, where the language is Philippine English.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis was written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint and was preceded by Grantville Gazette II and followed by Ring of Fire II which is written in English.
The Administrative Science Quarterly is published by Cornell University in Ithaca, New York. The university is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities and the Association of American Universities. Its president is Elizabeth Garrett.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States. The language of the United States is English, which is also spoken in Great Britain. African Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the United States.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States. Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States and English is the language spoken in the United Kingdom.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States. English is the language spoken in Great Britain. Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States, where English is spoken (as in Great Britain). The capital of the US is Washington D.C. and Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
The novel Into Battle was written by Australians and followed by The Violet Keystone. Above the Veil was preceded by Aenir and Castle.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups. The book is written in English which is also spoken in Great Britain.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and English is the language spoken in Great Britain. Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was written in the United States and was preceded by 1634: The Galileo Affair. Barack Obama is the president of the US, the capital city is Washington D.C. and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups there.
1634 The Ram Rebellion was written in the U.S. where the capital is Washington D.C. and the leader is Barack Obama. African Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the U.S.
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where the leader is known as the President. The language of the United States is English, which is also spoken in Great Britain. Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the United States.
Albany, Georgia is part of the U.S. state of Georgia and is lead by a President. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where the demonym for the inhabitants is Americans.
Alpharetta, Georgia is part of Fulton County, Georgia in the United States. Atlanta is the largest city in Atlanta. Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States.
Washington, D.C. is the capital of the United States where English is the spoken language. Amarillo, Texas is part of Potter County, Texas.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Potter County, Texas in the United States. Austin is the capital of Texas where the English language is spoken.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Potter County, Texas, United States. Austin is the capital of Texas where the English language is spoken.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Fall Creek Township, Madison County, Indiana, United States. It has a population of 523.9 inhabitants per square kilometre and 107.43 square kilometres.
Contra Costa County is part of San Francisco Bay Area in Contra Costa County, California. Antioch, California is led by the 11th State Assembly district and is part of Contra Costa County, California. English is spoken in California.
Atlanta is part of DeKalb County, Georgia and has a population density of 1299.0 (inhabitants per square kilometre). The total area of Atlanta is 344.7 (square kilometres) and has 404 (area code).
Attica, Indiana is part of Logan Township, Fountain County, Indiana, United States. It has a population density of 783.1 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 4.14 square kilometres.
Alabama is part of Lee County, Alabama in the United States where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital is Washington, D.C.
The population density of Auburn, Washington is 914.8 (inhabitants per square kilometre) and it covers a total area of 77.41 square kilometres. It is part of King County in Pierce County, Washington, in the United States.
Georgetown is the county seat of Williamson County, Texas. Austin, Texas is part of Williamson County, Texas and Round Rock is the largest city there. English is the language of Texas.
Austin is part of Hays County, Texas where English is the spoken language. Houston is the largest city in Texas. San Marcos is the county seat of Hays County, Texas.
Austin, Texas is part of Hays County, Texas. San Marcos is the county seat of Hays County, Texas. Houston is the largest city in Texas, where Spanish is spoken.
Indianapolis is the capital of Indiana in the United States. Alexandria, Indiana is part of Madison County, Indiana. The English language is also spoken in Indiana.
Fort Worth is the county seat of Tarrant County, Texas which is part of Tarrant County, Texas. Houston is the largest city in Texas, where Spanish is spoken.
Austin is the capital of Tarrant County, Texas which is part of Tarrant County, Texas in the United States. The largest city of Tarrant County is Fort Worth, Texas.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is part of New Jersey in the United States. The capital of the United States is Washington D.C. White Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the United States and the largest city is New York City.
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where the capital city is Washington D.C. and the population is called Americans. Albany, Oregon is part of Linn County, Oregon.
Americans are from the United States, where Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital is Washington D.C. Albany, Oregon is part of Oregon, in the United States.
Angola, Indiana is part of Steuben County, Indiana in the United States where English is the language and African Americans are an ethnic group.
Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States which has the capital city of Washington D.C. Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Alabama.
Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States. Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Alabama. Opelika is the county seat of Lee County, Alabama.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is part of New Jersey in the United States. Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States. New Jersey's largest city is Newark and its capital is Trenton.
President Barack Obama is the leader of the United States where the English language is spoken. Albuquerque, New Mexico is part of the United States and is lead by Barack Obama.
Angola, Indiana is part of Steuben County, Indiana in the United States where the demonym for the inhabitants is Americans. English is the language of the US and Asian Americans are an ethnic group there.
Akron, Ohio is part of Summit County, Ohio in the United States. The leader of the United States is Barack Obama and the capital is Washington D.C. Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the United States.
The African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where the leader is called the President. The Demonym for the people of the US is Americans and the country is the location of Albany, Georgia.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located at Seminary Ridge, Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, United States. It was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument, located in Adams County, Pennsylvania, is categorised as a contributing property and is located to the southeast of Carroll County, Maryland. Adams County, Pennsylvania has Cumberland County, Pennsylvania to its north and Frederick County, Maryland to its southwest.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It is located in Azerbaijan, the capital of which is Baku. The leader of Azerbaijan is Prime Minister Artur Rasizade.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It is located in Azerbaijan, the capital of which is Baku. The leader of Azerbaijan is Artur Rasizade and the legislature is the National Assembly.
The Ataturk Monument (Izmir) is located in Turkey, where the capital city is Ankara and the largest city is Istanbul. The leader of Turkey is known as the President of Turkey and the capital city is Ankara.
The AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor, Kerala was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff. Kerala has Mahe, India to its northwest.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore - 560090. Its director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar and it has 700 postgraduate students. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India has 700 postgraduate students. Its president is B.M. Reddy and it is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association headquartered in Brussels. Denmark's leader is called the Monarchy of Denmark and its leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor, India has 250 academic staff and was established in 2001. Mumbai is the largest city in India.
AWH Engineering College is located in Kerala, India. Kerala's leader is Kochi and its largest city is Mumbai. The Ganges is a river in India.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark was established in 1928 and has a staff compliment of 737. The country's leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is in the city of Aarhus, which has Mols to its northeast. It is affiliated with the European University Association which has its headquarters in Brussels. Aarhus has a magistrate government.
Baymax is a character in the film Big Hero 6 which stars Alan Tudyk. It was created by Steven T. Seagle and the American, Duncan Rouleau.
A.C. Lumezzane's ground is in Italy, where Pietro Grasso is a leader. Michele Marcolini has played for Vicenza Calcio and A.C. Lumezzane.
The leader of Blackpool is the Labour Party (UK). The club's manager is Stuart Parker who is also a member of the Chesterfield F.C. club and plays for Stockport County F.C.. The ground of A.F.C. Blackpool is in Blackpool.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 is in the Serie D league. The ground is located in Italy, where the leader is Sergio Mattarella and the champions are S.S. Robur Siena.
AEK Athens F.C.'s ground is the Olympic Stadium (Athens) which is located in Marousi. Gus Poyet has previously played for Real Zaragoza and is a member of the Chelsea F.C. club.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where the leader is Pietro Grasso and the people are known as Italians. The language spoken in Italy is Italian and the capital is Rome.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where Sergio Mattarella is the leader. The official language of Italy is Italian and the capital city is Rome.
Arem-arem is a food found nationwide in Indonesia, but is more specific to Java. Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia, where the currency is the rupiah and the language is Indonesian.
Asam pedas is a food found in the region of Sumatra and Malay peninsula, Malaysia. The capital of Malaysia is Kuala Lumpur and the Malaysian Malay are an ethnic group from Malaysia.
Asam pedas is a food found in the region of Sumatra and Malay peninsula, Malaysia. The capital of Malaysia is Kuala Lumpur and the Malaysian Indians are an ethnic group from Malaysia.
Asam pedas is a food found in Sumatra and Malaysia. The capital of Malaysia is Kuala Lumpur and the Malaysian Indian is one of the ethnic groups.
Asam pedas is a food found in the Malay Peninsula in Malaysia. Abu Zahar Ujang is the leader of Malaysia and the Malaysian Indian is one of the ethnic groups in Malaysia.
Bacon Explosion is a dish from the Kansas City metropolitan area, United States. The main ingredients are bacon and sausage.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States, where Paul Ryan is a leader and White Americans are an ethnic group. The capital city is Washington D.C. and English is the language spoken.
Bacon sandwiches are popular in the UK and are also known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin. Ketchup is also an ingredient in a bacon sandwich.
Baked Alaska is from the country of France, where Gerard Larcher and Manuel Valls are leaders. Baked Alaska is also from Hong Kong and French is spoken in the country.
Bandeja paisa is a dish from the Antioquia Department region of Colombia. One of the ingredients in Bandeja paisa is lemon, which belongs to the family of rutaceae and the order Rosids.
Gerard Larcher and Francois Hollande are leaders in France where they speak French and Barny cakes are made with sponge cake.
Joko Widodo is the leader of Indonesia where the dish batagor comes from. Batagor is a variation of Siomay which contains peanut sauce and shumai which is a variation of Shumai.
Batagor is a dish from Indonesia where Joko Widodo is the leader. Siomay and Shumai are variations of the same dish. Shiitake is one of the ingredients in Shumai.
Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia where the dish batagor comes from. Batagor is a variation of both Shumai and Siomay. Shiitake is one of the ingredients in shiitake.
Bhajji originates from the Karnataka region of India. The main ingredients of bhajji are gram flour and vegetables. Bhajji has the alternative names of Bhaji and bajji.
Bhajji come from the Karnataka region of India. T.S. Thakur is a leader of India and Vajubhai Vala is a leader of Karnataka where the people who live there are called Indians.
Bhajji come from the Karnataka region of India. T. S. Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders of India, where the people are called Indians.
Bionico is a dessert that comes from the Guadalajara region of Mexico. The main ingredients are chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins.
Enrique Pena Nieto is the leader of Mexico where the spoken language is Spanish. Bionico is a dessert that can be varied by using honey.
Bionico is a dessert found in the Jalisco region of Mexico. The leader of Mexico is Silvano Aureoles Conejo. Honey can be added to the dish.
Arros negre is from the Catalonia region of Spain where the leader is Carles Puigdemont and Spaniards are the main ethnic group.
Laura Boldrini and Matteo Renzi are leaders in Italy, where Italian is the language spoken and Rome is the capital city. Amatriciana sauce is a traditional Italian sauce.
Sergio Mattarella and Laura Boldrini are leaders in Italy, where the capital is Rome and the people are known as Italians. Amatriciana sauce is a traditional Italian sauce.
Pietro Grasso and Matteo Renzi are leaders in Italy, where Italian is the language spoken and the capital city is Rome. Amatriciana sauce is a traditional Italian sauce.
Ayam penyet is a fried chicken dish from the Java region. It can be found nationwide and also in Malaysia and Singapore. The Javanese people are an ethnic group in Java.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Java, where the Javanese people are an ethnic group. Ayam penyet is from Singapore where English is spoken and Tony Tan is the leader.
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines where Philippine Spanish and Arabic are spoken. Ethnic groups there include the Zamboangans and Chinese Filipino.
Ajoblanco is a food found in Andalusia, Spain. The leader of Andalusia is Susana Diaz and one of the languages spoken is Spanish. The Spaniards are an ethnic group in Spain.
Ajoblanco is a food found in Andalusia, Spain. Susana Diaz and Felipe VI are leaders of Andalusia, Spain. Spaniards are Spaniards.
Alan Bean is a US national who was born in Wheeler, Texas. He was selected by NASA in 1963 and served as a test pilot. He is now retired.
Alan Shepard (born in New Hampshire) was a crew member of Apollo 14 which was operated by NASA. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the US Navy, which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
American William Anders was a crew member of Apollo 8 operated by NASA and was born in British Hong Kong. The commander of Apollo 8 was Frank Borman.
American Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on January 20th, 1930. He was a fighter pilot and a member of the Apollo 11 crew.
Buzz Aldrin is a US national who was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 11 which was operated by NASA.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963. He was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 11. He is now retired.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 11 with William Anders as a backup pilot.
Buzz Aldrin was born on the 20th of January 1930. He was a crew member of Apollo 11 operated by NASA. William Anders was a backup pilot.
Alan Shepard was a crew member of Apollo 14 which was operated by NASA. Alan Shepard passed away in California, where Dianne Feinstein is a senator. Benitoite is a gemstone found in California.
Alan Shepard was an American who was born in New Hampshire. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the US Navy, which ranks higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal. He died in California.
William Anders was an American fighter pilot who was born in British Hong Kong. He served as a crew member of Apollo 8 and retired on 1969-09-01.
Margrethe II is the leader of Denmark where the Faroese language is spoken. The country is the location of Aarhus airport in Tirstrup, part of the Central Denmark region.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastian de los Reyes and Alcobendas. It is operated by ENAIRE. The runway name is 14L/32R and it is 610 meters above sea level.
Agra Airport is located in India and is operated by the Indian Air Force. The airport is 167.94 metres above sea level and its ICAO location identifier is VIAG. It has a runway length of 1818.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase in Iraq. The airbase has an ICAO location identifier of ORAA and a runway name of 08/26 with a length of 3990.0.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase in Al Anbar Province, Iraq. The airbase has an ICAO location identifier of ORAA and a runway name of 08/26 with a length of 3992.88.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who were involved in the United States bombing of Libya in 1986. They deploy the Lockheed AC-130 attack aircraft, the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III transport aircraft and the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon aircraft fighter.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force. The USAF fought in the Invasion of Grenada and Operation Enduring Freedom battles. The Lockheed AC-130 is an attack aircraft and the Lockheed C-130 Hercules is a transport aircraft.
Alderney is served by Alderney airport which is 88 metres above sea level. The 1st runway at the airport is made from Poaceae and has a length of 733.0. The runway is named 08/26.
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the operating organisation of the Allama Iqbal International Airport in Pakistan. The airport serves the city of Lahore and has a runway length of 3310.0. The runway name is 18L/36R.
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority governs the Allama Iqbal International Airport in Punjab, Pakistan. The airport serves the city of Lahore and has a runway name of 18R/36L with a length of 2900.0.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located 210 metres above sea level in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan, United States. The airport serves Alpena, Michigan and has a runway length of 1533.0.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan and serves the city of Alpena. The airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533.0. The runway is named 7/25.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan and serves the city of Alpena. It is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2744.0 metres. The runway is named 1/19.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan, United States. It is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533.0. It serves the city of Alpena, Michigan.
Angola International Airport is located in Icolo e Bengo, Luanda and is 159 metres above sea level. The runway name is 05L/23R and it has a length of 3800.0.
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens, Greece. Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis are leaders in Greece, where the Greek language is spoken.
Prokopis Pavlopoulos and Alexis Tsipras are leaders in Greece where the Greek language is spoken. The country is the location of the Athens International Airport which serves the city of Athens.
Atlantic City International Airport serves the city of Atlantic City, New Jersey in the United States. The airport is located at Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey. Don Guardian is the leader of Atlantic City, New Jersey.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium. Philippe of Belgium and Charles Michel are leaders of Belgium, the capital of which is Brussels.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States. The airport has the ICAO location identifier of KACY.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the cities of Saranac Lake and Harrietstown, New York. Adirondack Regional Airport also serves Lake Placid, New York.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the cities of Lake Placid and Saranac Lake, which is part of Essex County, New York. Harrietstown, New York is in the United States.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh and Bundelkhand. The airport is operated by the Indian Air Force who deploy the HAL Light Combat Helicopter.
Ram Naik is the leader of Uttar Pradesh which is part of Bundelkhand and is the location of Agra Airport. The airport is operated by the Indian Air Force who deploy the HAL Light Combat Helicopter.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq. Haider al-Abadi and Fuad Masum are leaders in Iraq where the language spoken is Arabic.
200 Public Square was completed in 1985 and is located in Cleveland, Cuyahoga County, Ohio, United States.
250 Delaware Avenue, Buffalo, New York, has 12 floors and a total area of 30843.8 square metres. It was started in January 2014 and has the architectural style of Postmodern architecture.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, Illinois, United States. Chicago's leader is called Rahm Emanuel and its capital is Springfield, Illinois.
The tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, Denmark is Marriott International which was founded in Washington, D.C. The country's leader is Margrethe II of Denmark and the language is Faroese.
Bill Marriott is the key person at Marriott International which was founded in Washington, D.C. and is the current tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen, Denmark. Greenlandic is the language of Denmark.
The Greenlandic language is spoken in Denmark where AC Hotel Bella Sky is located in Copenhagen. The tenant of the hotel is Marriott International which was founded in Washington DC.
Augustus Pugin was born in Bloomsbury, Ireland. He designed the Palace of Westminster and Adare Manor in the Republic of Ireland. The leader of the Republic of Ireland is Enda Kenny.
Addis Ababa City Hall was started in 1961 and completed in 1964. It has a floor area of 140000.0 square metres and a height of 42 metres. The current tenants are the Government of Addis Ababa.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture, Japan. It has 3 floors and is located at 1-4-2 Nakadori.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita, which is part of Akita Prefecture, Japan. Taro Aso is the leader of Japan, where the Chinese are an ethnic group.
The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall in Virginia, designed by the architect Robert A M Stern. The Hall is owned by the College of William and Mary and is located in the United States.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India. Gujarat's leader is called the Gujarat Legislative Assembly and the leader of India is Sumitra Mahajan.
Ampara Hospital is located in the region of Ampara District, Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe and the leader of the country is Austin Fernando.
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe and the governing body is the Eastern Provincial Council. Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is the capital of Sri Lanka.
Julia Morgan (born in San Francisco) was the architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds, the Los Angeles Herald Examiner building, Hearst Castle and Asilomar State Beach.
Julia Morgan (born in San Francisco) was the architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds, the Riverside Art Museum, the Hearst Castle and the Asilomar State Beach.
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, Manhattan, New Netherland, United States. The leader of Manhattan is Cyrus Vance Jr.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin who was born in Birmingham. Birmingham's governing body is the City Council and the postcode area is B.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States where the capital is Washington D.C. and the leader is President Barack Obama. John Roberts is a leader in the US and the leader's title is President of the United States.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located at Seminary Ridge, Adams County, Pennsylvania, United States. It was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania and is categorised as a contributing property. Adams County, Pennsylvania has Cumberland County, Pennsylvania to its north and Frederick County, Maryland to its southwest. Carrol County, Maryland is to its southeast.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan and is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It was designed in red granite and white marble by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner. The leader of Azerbaijan is Artur Rasizade and the capital city is Baku.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial in Azerbaijan is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It is made from red granite and white marble and was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner. The native name of Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is Turkish Sehitleri Aniti. Azerbaijan's leader is Artur Rasizade.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the district of the Monocacy National Battlefield in Frederick County, Maryland. The monument was established on 11 July 1907 and is categorised as a historic district in the United States.
Alan Bean was born on March 15, 1932 in Wheeler, Texas. He was a test pilot and spent 100305 minutes in space. He is now retired.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the US Navy, which ranks higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal. He was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 14.
Alan Bean (born Alan LaVern Bean) was a crew member of Apollo 12 operated by NASA. David Scott was the commander of Apollo 12 and Alfred Worden was the backup pilot. Alan Bean retired in June 1981.
Buzz Aldrin is a US national who was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963 and was selected by NASA in 1963 as a fighter pilot. He was a member of the Apollo 11 crew.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on January 20th, 1930. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963. He was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 11 with backup pilot William Anders.
American Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 11 operated by NASA. William Anders was a backup pilot on the Apollo 11 mission.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on January 20th, 1930. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963 and was selected by NASA in 1963. He was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 11.
Alan Shepard died in California, where Dianne Feinstein is a senator and Benitoite is a gemstone. The United States Navy awarded Alan Shepard the Distinguished Service Medal, which ranks higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal. Smilodon is a fossil found in California.
American William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and graduated from AFIT, M.S. in 1962. He was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 8. He retired on 1969-09-01.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and retired in 1969. He was a member of NASA's Apollo 8 crew along with Frank Borman and backup pilot Buzz Aldrin.
William Anders graduated with a M.S. from AFIT in 1962. He was a member of the Apollo 8 crew along with Frank Borman and the backup pilot, Buzz Aldrin. William Anders is now retired.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio, Ticino, Switzerland. It was established in 1996 and has 100 academic staff led by Dean Mario Botta.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore - 560090, Karnataka, India. It has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore - 560090, India. Its president is B.M. Reddy and its campus is located at In Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore - 560090.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Denmark. Denmark is led by Lars Lokke Rasmussen and is led by the Monarchy of Denmark. The School is affiliated with the European University Association which has its headquarters in Brussels. Denmark's religion is the Church of Denmark.
The dean of the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in the city of Aarhus, Denmark is Thomas Pallesen. The School is affiliated with the European University Association headquartered in Brussels. Denmark's leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
The AWH Engineering College was established in 2001 in the state of Kerala, India. Kerala's leader is Kochi and the largest city is Mumbai. The Ganges is a river in India.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania. Romania's capital is Bucharest and its ethnic group is the Germans of Romania. Its patron saint is Andrew the Apostle and its anthem is Desteapta-te, romane!
Lars Lokke Rasmussen is the leader of Denmark where the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928. It has 737 academic staff and 16,000 students.
Turkey's leader is Ahmet Davutoglu and its largest city is Istanbul. The country's capital is Ankara and its currency is the Turkish lira. Izmir is the location of the Ataturk Monument which was inaugurated on 27 July 1932.
President Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader of Turkey where the capital city is Ankara. The country is the location of the bronze Ataturk monument designed by Pietro Canonica and inaugurated on 27 July 1932 in Izmir.
President Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader of Turkey where the capital city is Ankara and the currency is the Turkish lira. The Ataturk Monument (Izmir) was inaugurated on 27 July 1932 in Turkey.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio, Switzerland was established in 1996. Its dean is Mario Botta. It has 100 academic staff and 600 students. Switzerland's leader is the Federal Chancellor.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, Karnataka, India was established in 2000. Its president is B.M. Reddy and its director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar. The institute's motto is "Nurturing Excellence" and its motto is "Nurturing Excellence".
The state of Karnataka has the Arabian Sea to its west and Telangana to its northeast. The state is the location of the Acharya Institute of Technology which was given the 'Technical Campus' status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai. Tennis is a sport governed by the International Tennis Federation.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is in Alba Iulia, Romania. Romania's capital is Bucharest and its ethnic group is Germans of Romania. Its leader is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis and its anthem is Desteapta-te, romane!
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 in the city of Aarhus, Denmark. Its dean is Thomas Pallesen and it has 737 academic staff. Denmark's leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen and it is affiliated with the European University Association.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association in Brussels. Aarhus has a magistrate government. Denmark's leader is the Monarchy of Denmark and its leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark was established in 1928. Its dean is Thomas Pallesen. It has 16,000 students and its Latin name is "Universitas Aarhusiensis".
American Alan Bean was born on March 15, 1932 in Wheeler, Texas. He graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B.S. He served as a test pilot and became a crew member of Apollo 12. He is now retired.
Alan Shepard was born on November 18th, 1923 in New Hampshire. He graduated from NWC in 1957 with an MA. He worked as a test pilot and was selected by NASA in 1959. He died in California.
Alan Bean is a US national who was born in Wheeler, Texas. He served as a test pilot for Apollo 12 which was operated by NASA. The commander of Apollo 12 was David Scott and Alfred Worden was the backup pilot.
Buzz Aldrin, also known as Edwin E. Aldrin, Jr., was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on January 20th, 1930. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963 and was selected by NASA in 1963 as a fighter pilot and crew member of Apollo 11.
American Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on January 20th, 1930. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963. He was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 11. He spent 52 minutes in space.
American Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on January 20th, 1930. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963. He was a member of the Apollo 11 crew and received 20 awards. He is now retired.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on 20 January 1930. He was selected by NASA in 1963 and became a crew member of Apollo 11. Buzz Aldrin is now retired.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963. He was a crew member of Apollo 11 operated by NASA. William Anders was a backup pilot. Buzz Aldrin is now retired.
American William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on October 17th, 1933. He was a fighter pilot and a member of the Apollo 8 crew. He retired on September 1st, 1969.
American William Anders was born in British Hong Kong. He was a member of NASA's Apollo 8 crew along with Frank Borman and backup pilot Buzz Aldrin. Anders retired on 1969-09-01.
Fighter pilot William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on the 17th of October 1933. He was selected by NASA in 1963 and served as a crew member of Apollo 8. He spent 882 minutes in space. He retired on the 1st of September 1969.
Aaron S. Daggett has won the Purple Heart award.
Aaron S. Daggett fought in the Battle of Mine Run.
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam, Netherlands.
Abdul Rahman Ya'kub was in office while Vice President Tuanku Budang Tuanku Othman.
Abdul taib Mahmud is part of the Parti Bumiputera Sarawak.
Abdul Taib Mahmud's successor is Sulaiman Abdul Rahman Taib.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born on the 29th of May 1999.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Minna.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Niger State.
Abner W. Sibal was born on the 03rd of January 1965.
Abner W. Sibal died in Alexandria, Virginia.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent.
Adam Holloway lives in Gravesend.
Adenan Samem's almaMater is the University of Adelaide.
Adolf Sarf was born in Mikulov.
Antonis Samaras was the Prime Minister of Adonis Georgiadis in office.
Adonis Georgiadis was assigned to the Deputy Minister for Development, Competitiveness and Shipping.
Agnes Kathan was born in Hessisch Oldendorf.
Agnes Ward White was born in Marietta, Ohio.
Airey Neave's active year began on June 30, 1953.
Airey Neave won a Military Cross award.
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge, London.
Airey Neave's military rank is Lieutenant Colonel.
Airey Neave was in service from 1935.
Albert B. White's party is the Republican Party (United States).
Albert B. White's spouse is Agnes Ward White.
Albert Jeans Fountain is a military brass called the Union Army.
Alberto Teisaire's nationality is Argentina.
Alberto Teisaire served as a "Rear Admiral in the Argentine Navy".
Alfons Gorbach died in Austria.
Alfred Moore Scales started his acting career on 1875-03-04.
Alfred Moore Scales fought at the Battle of Chancellorsville.
Alfred N Phillips was born in Darien, Connecticut.
Alfred N Phillips was employed by the Mayor of Stamford, Connecticut.
Allan Shivers started his career on the 21st of January 1947.
Allan Shivers is a militarybranch of the United States Army.
Price Daniel is the successor of Allan Shivers.
Alvah Sabin's active year begins on 1853-03-04.
Alvah Sabin is a member of the Whig Party of the United States.
Robert E. Lee was the commander of the American Civil War.
Austrian German is a language spoken in Austria.
Robert E. Lee was the commander of the Battle of Antietam.
The Battle of Cold Harbor is part of the military conflict which is part of the American Civil War.
Gabriela Micheletti is the leader of Buenos Aires.
Colin Powell was a commander in the Gulf War.
John F. Kennedy's predecessor was Dwight D. Eisenhower.
Josef Klaus is a student at the University of Vienna.
Juan Carlos I of Spain's predecessor was Francisco Franco.
Juan Peron is part of the Labour Party (Argentina).
The leader of the Netherlands is Mark Rutte.
The United States Army fought in the Spanish-American War.
William M. O. Dawson was born in Bloomington, Maryland.
1955 Dodge Coronet is also known as Dodge.
The 1955 Dodge has an engine that is 230 cubic inches.
A-Rosa Luna was christened on 2005-04-07.
AIDA Cruises is located in Rostock.
AIDA Cruises is the operator of AIDAluna.
AIDAstella's christening date is 2013-03-16.
AIDAstella was completed on the 2013-03-11 date.
AIDAstella's maidenVoyage was performed on the 2013-03-17.
AIDA Cruises is the operator of AIDAstella.
ALV X-1 was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport.
The alternative name of AMC Matador is American Motors Matador.
ARA Vinticinco de Mayo (V-2) was sold to the Netherlands on 1 April 1948.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe has a straight-four engine.
The Honda K engine of the Acura TLX can be found.
The Acura TLX is an AWD vehicle.
Acura TLX is related to the Honda Accord.
The TLX has a 9-speed automatic ZF 9HP transmission.
Alfa Romeo 164 can be assembled in Arese.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is related to Lancia Thema.
Alfa Romeo 164 has a 4 speed automatic (ZF 4HP18QE) transmission.
The Alhambra was built by Samuda Brothers.
The Alhambra has a beam of 8.3 m.
The Alhambra is a wrecked building.
The Alhambra has a top speed of 18.52.
The Alvis Speed 25 has a straight-six engine.
The model of Alvis Speed 25 was first seen in 1937.
The American submarine NR-1 is 4.6 m long.
The final match of Antares (rocket) was on 2014-10-28.
Mid Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launchpad 0 is the launch site of Antares rocket.
The leader of Argentina is Gabriela Michetti.
Guiana Space Centre is the launch site of Ariane 5.
Ariane 5's maiden flight was held on the 11th of August, 2005.
The Aston Martin V8 has a bodystyle of Convertible.
Aston Martin V8 is manufactured by Aston Martin.
The Aston Martin Virtue is manufactured by Aston Martin.
Atlas II's final flight was on 1998-03-16.
Vandenberg Air Force Base is the launch site of Atlas II.
Audi was founded by August Horch.
The Audi A1 is assembled in Audi Brssels.
SEAT Ibiza is related to the Audi A1.
Caterpillar Inc. is located in Peoria, Illinois.
The Costa Crociere is located in Genoa.
Chrysler Newport is a vehicle connected to the DeSoto Custom.
Alfa Romeo 164 is a Fiat Croma.
Germans are the people who live in Germany.
Norbert Lammert is the leader of Germany.
The leader of Germany is Stanislaw Tillich.
Giovanni Brune founded Gruppo Bertone.
The Guiana Space Centre is based in Kourou, France.
The Honda K engine is manufactured by Honda.
The Star Spangled Banner is the anthem of the United States.
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
The chairman of A.C. Milan is Silvio Berlusconi.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada.
Aaron Hunt is in the SV Wyoming Bremen club.
Abel Hernandez plays for the Uruguay Olympic Football team.
Abel Hernandez plays for the Uruguay national football team.
Abner (footballer) was born in Brazil.
Adam Maher was born in Diemen.
Adam Maher was born in the Netherlands.
Adam Maher plays for the Netherlands national under-17 football team.
Adam Maher plays for PSV Eindhoven.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for the Iraq national football team.
Akeem Adams was born in Point Fortin.
Akeem Dent is a former Atlanta Falcons player.
Akeem Pristley plays for Connecticut Huskies.
Al-Khor Sports Club plays in the Qatar Stars League.
Basim Qasim is the manager of Al-Zawra'a SC.
Al Kharitiyat SC is in the Qatar Stars League.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra was born in Baghdad.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Sanat Mes Kerman F.C.
Alan Martin (footballer) plays for Hamilton Academy F.C.
Alan Martin is a member of the Scotland national under-19 football team.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. was born on 1995-09-02.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. plays for Florida Panthers.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. has a height of 1.905.
Aleksander Barkov Jr. is in the National Hockey League.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on February 24, 1989.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Amkar Perm.
Aleksandre Guruli was born in Batumi.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Samtredia.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for the Georgia national under-21 football team.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for A.S. Roma.
Alessio Romagnoli's youth club is A.S. Roma.
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba.
Alex Tyus plays in the Turkish Basketball Super League.
Atlanta Falcons is a city in Atlanta.
Don Sweeney is the general manager of the Boston Bruins.
Budapest is in Hungary.
English is the language of Canada.
Slavey language is spoken in Canada.
The Columbus Blue Jackets are from Columbus, Ohio.
Oleh Luzhny is the manager of FC Karpaty Lviv.
Valery Petrakov is the manager of the FC Torpedo Moscow.
Gabor Kubatov is the chairman of Ferencvarosi TC.
Finnish is the language of Finland.
The coach of the Italy national under-16 football team is Daniele Zoratto.
Zvi Schaff is the coach of Maccabi Ashdod B.C.
Motherwell FC's ground is Fir Park.
Olympique Lyonnais is owned by Jean-Michel Aulas.
St. Louis Rams is in St. Louis.
Tennessee Titans live in Nashville, Tennessee.
Aaron Bertram started his active year in 1998.
Aaron Deer is an associated band/associated musician with The Horns of Happiness.
Aaron Deer is a member of the record label Kill Rock Stars.
Aaron Turner plays in the genre of Avant-garde metal.
Aaron Turner is in the genre of Progressive Metal.
Abradab's background is a "solo singer".
Abradab was born on 1978-11-12.
Abradab was born in Poland.
Abradab is a genre of hip hop music.
Guarania (music) is the genre of Agustin Barboza.
Ahmet Ertegun was born in Istanbul, Turkey.
Alan Frew performs in the genre of rock music.
Albennie Jones is associated with the musician Sammy Price.
Aleksandra Kovac has a background as a solo singer.
Aleksandra Kovac was born in Yugoslavia.
The genre of Aleksandra Kovac is Rhythm and Blues.
Aleksandra Kovac is in the genre of Soul music.
Alex Day is in the genre of Synthpop.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is associated with Hector Nasraes.
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Montevideo.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Uruguay.
Alfredo Zitarrosa's record label is RCA Records.
Alison O'Donnell started her career in 1963.
Alison O'Donnell is a jazz singer.
Alison O'Donnell's instruments include voice, bodhran, percussion and autoharp.
Allen Forrest was born on February 4, 1981.
Allen Forrest is a genre of Pop music.
Alligator Records is located in Chicago.
Anders Osborne is associated with Johnny Sansone.
Rhythm and blues is the genre of Anders Osborne.
The record label for Anders Osborne is Alligator Records.
The genre of Andra (singer) is Rhythm and Blues.
Andrew Rayel started his active year in 2009.
Andrew Rayel is an associated musician called Christian Burns.
Andrew Rayel was born in Chisinau, Moldova.
Marry Bird is the associated musician with the musician Andrew White and musician Andrew White.
Andrew White (musician) has the record label B-Unique Records.
Asuncion is part of Gran Asuncion.
Christian Burns's instrument is the Guitar.
Hip hop music has the music subgenre Gangsta rap.
Hip hop music has the stylistic origin of Funk.
Indie rock has the stylistic origin of New Wave music.
Manchester is part of Greater Manchester.
Polydor Records is located in London.
Sony Music Entertainment is the distribution company for RCA Records.
Rock and roll has the stylistic origin of blues.
Synthpop is a genre of pop music.
The demonym for people living in the United Kingdom is British people.
The VK8 has a density of 2.0 gram per cubic cententimeres.
Carl A. Wirtanen was the discoverer of (29075) 1950 DA.
(410777) 2009 FD has an absolute magnitude of 22.1.
(410777) 2009 FD has an apoapsis of 259776702.47055 (kilometres).
66063-1998 RO1 has an apoapsis of 254989570.60815 (kilometres).
(66063) 1998 RO1 was epoch was 2013-11-04.
The escapeVelocity of 1000 Piazzia is 0.0252 (kilometerPerSeconds).
1001 Gaussia was once known as 1923 OAA907 XC.
1001 Gaussia has a maximum temperature of 165.0 kelvins.
101 Helena has an apoapsis of 4410920100.0 km.
101 Helena was filmed on the 31st of December, 2006.
101 Helena has a mass of 3.0 kilograms.
1036 Ganmed has a average speed of 16.86 (kilometer per second).
The absolute magnitude of 103 Hera is 7.66.
103 Hera has a mass of 7.9 kilograms.
107 Camilla has an absolute magnitude of 7.08.
107 Camilla was discovered by A.Storrs.
1089 Tama's former name was A894 VA; A904 VD.
1089 Tama has an orbital period of 1202.846 (days).
1097 Vicia has a average speed of 17.92 (kilometer per second).
1097 Vicia was published on the 31st of December, 2006.
1097 Vicia rotation period is 95040.0.
109 Felicitas was discovered by Christian Heinrich Friedrich Peters.
109 Felicitas has a periapsis of 283326000000.0.
10 Hygiea's average speed is 16.76 (kilometer per second).
1101 Clematis has a periapsis of 445895000000.0.
110 Lydia was erected on the 31st of December, 2006.
11264 Claudiomaccone has a temperature of 173.0 (kelvins).
James Craig Watt's alma mater is the University of Michigan.
N.R. Pogson was born in Nottingham.
Aaron S. Daggett won the Purple Heart award at the Battle of Fredericksburg.
Aaron S. Daggett battled at the Battle of Gettysburg and was awarded the Purple Heart award.
Abdul Taib Mahmud's successor is Abdul Rahman Ya'kub who has Deputy Stephen Yong Kuet Tze.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and is part of the Parti Pesaka Bisumiputera Bersatu party.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Minna and graduated from Technical Institute, Kaduna.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Niger State and is the Chief of the Defence Staff.
Al-Amin Daggash succeeded Abdulsalami Abubakar who was the Chief of the Defence Staff in Nigeria.
Olusegun Obasanjo is the successor of Abdulsalami Abubakar who was in the active years end on the 29th of May 1999.
Olusegun Obasanjo succeeded Abdulsalami Abubakar who was in office while Vice President Mike Akhigbe.
Joseph Stalin was the commander of World War II, where Abner W. Sibal fought in battles.
Abner W. Sibal is a militarybranch of the United States Armed Forces, which fought in the Korean War.
Born in Kent, Adam Holloway's almaMater was Magdalene College, Cambridge.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent and grew in Gravesend.
Adam Koc was awarded the Virtuti Militari and fought in World War I.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens and served as Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Greece and served as the Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of the Popular Orthodox Rally.
Agnes Chan, a Parliamentarian group leader, was born in Hessisch Oldendorf.
Airey Neave, awarded Military Cross, is part of the Royal Artillery unit.
Airey Neave battled in the Battle of France and began service on the 3rd of April 1974.
Hugo Sperrle was the commander of the Battle of France, where Airey Neave fought.
Knightsbridge is the birthplace of Airey Neave, who fought in World War II.
Airey Neave fought in World War II, the commander of which was Franklin D. Roosevelt.
Airey Neave fought in the World War II, where the commander was Joseph Stalin.
Albert B. White was born on 1856-09-22 and died in 1941.
Albert B. White, who was born on 1856-09-22, was a politician.
Albert Jean Fountain was born in New York City and died in Dona Ana County, New Mexico.
Albert Jenkins Fountain, who was in office while Vice President Edmund J. Davis, died in New Mexico.
Albert Fountain was born in New York City and is part of the Republican Party of the United States.
Alberto Teisaire, who served as the interim president of the Argentine Senate, was succeeded by Isaac Rosas.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria- Hungary.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Tyrol, Austria.
Alfred Moore Scales was the Governor of North Carolina and succeeded James W. Reid.
The successor of Alfred Moore Scales is Daniel Gould Folle, who attended Princeton University.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Connecticut and worked at the United States House of Representatives.
Alfred N. Phillips served for the United States Army, which fought in the American Civil War.
Allan Shivers fought in the World War II, where the commander was Joseph Stalin.
Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin, Texas and was a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 (Port Arthur).
Allan Shivers served as a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 (Port Arthur) and was succeeded by Ben Ramsey.
Alvah Sabin was born on 1793-10-23 and served as the Secretary of State of Vermont.
Agnes Kat is from the Netherlands where the currency is the Euro.
Agnes Kat is from the Netherlands where the leader is Mark Rutte.
Albert B. White died in Parkersburg, West Virginia, United States.
Aaron Boogaard, who was born in Saskatchewan, plays for Wichita Thunder.
Abel Hernandez plays for Penarol and is managed by Jorge Orosman da Silva.
Abel Hernandez is in the Penarol club and plays for U.S. Cittadi Palermo.
Adam Maher is part of the Netherlands national under-17 football team and plays for AZ Alkmaar.
Adam Maher plays for PSV Eindhoven and the Netherlands national under-17 football team.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad is in the Steel Azin F.C. club and plays for Al Shorta SC.
Akeem Adams plays for Ferencvarosi TC and is managed by Thomas Doll.
Akeem Adams is a member of the Trinidad and Tobago national football team and plays for T&TEC Sports Club.
Akeem Ayers played for the New England Patriots and has a draft pick of 39.
Akeem Ayers, who played for the Tennessee Titans, has a draft pick of 39.
Akeem Den was born in 1987 and was born on the 27th of September, 1987.
Akeem Prestley plays for Connecticut Huskies and Sheikh Russell KC.
Akeem Prestley plays for RoPS and Sheikh Russel KC.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Al-Khor Sports Club whose ground is in Al-Khor.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra is in the Al Kharaitiyat SC club which is managed by Amar Osim.
Alan Martin is a member of the Leeds United Football Club and plays for Hamilton Academy FC.
Alan Martin plays for Hamilton Academy F.C. whose ground is New Douglas Park.
Aleksander Barkov Jr. was born on 09/9/1995 and plays for Florida Panthers.
Aleksander Barkov Jr. was born in Tampere, Finland and plays for Florida Panthers.
Aleksandr Chamakov plays for the club, FC Torpedo Moscow, which is managed by Valery Petrakov.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Spartak Moscow and FC Kuban Krasnodar.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Tomsk, which is in the Russian Football National League.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Liv and FC Dinamo Batumi.
Alex Plante was born in 1989 in Manitoba.
Alex Tyus was born on 1988-01-08 and played for Pallacanestro Cantu.
Alex Tyus plays for Maccabi Tel Aviv B.C. and is in the Turkish Baseball Super League.
Alex Plante was born in Brandon, Manitoba, whose leader is the Conservative Party of Canada.
O Canada is the anthem of Canada and Adam McQuaid was born in Canada.
Adam McQuaid was born in Canada where the language is English.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Dinamo Batumi and is managed by Levan Khomeriki.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Sparak Moscow, whose ground is the Otkrytiye Arena.
Akeem Prinsely plays for RoPS who play in the Veikkausliiga league.
Akeem Adams plays for United Petrotrin F.C. whose home ground is the Palo Seco Velodrome.
Aaron Deer is in the genre of Psychedelia and his instrument is the Guitar.
Aaron deer originates from the United States and originates in Indiana.
Aaron Turner is an associated musician with Twilight and is a member of the Electroacoustic music genre.
Aaron Turner, whose instrument is Singing, is in the genre of Avant-garde metal.
Magik (rapper) is an associated musician with Abradab and Kaliber 44.
Abradab was born on 1978-11-12 in Katowice.
Abradab was born in Katowice, Poland.
Ace Wilder is a hip hop song from the genre of hip hop music, which is stylistically derived from disco.
Ace Wilder has a background as a solo singer and has a recordLabel of Warner Music Group.
Agustin Barboza was born in Paraguay and has the record label Philips Records.
Alan Frew is in the genre of Rock music and is part of the Fusion genre of bhangra (music).
Alan Frew is in the genre of rock music and has the stylistic origin of country music.
Albennie Jones is a jazz character whose stylistic origin is Blues.
Pop music singer Aleksandra Kovac has a background as a solo singer.
Aleksandra Kovac writes in the genre of Rhythm and Blues, which has the stylistic origin of blues.
Aleksandra Kovac, who started her career in music in 1990, is in the genre of Soul music.
Synthpop is stylistically similar to New Wave music and is the genre of Alex Day.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in England in 1872.
Alfredo Zitarrosa, who has a background in Milonga music, is a solo singer.
Alfredo Zitarrosa has a background as a solo singer and sings in the genre Taquirari.
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Uruguay and died in Montevideo.
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Montevideo and died in Uruguay.
Alfredo Zitarrosa has a background as a solo singer and sings in the Zamba genre.
Alison O'Donnell is an associated musician called Bajik and a member of the band Plastik Mak.
Alison O'Donnell is in the genre of Folk Rock and her record label is Floating World Records.
Alison O'Donnell's instruments include Voice, Bodhran, percussion and autoharp. She sings in Jazz.
Allen Forrest has a background as a solo singer and performs in hip hop music.
Alternative rock is a Christian alternative rock genre. Andrew White (musician) is a member of the Alternative rock genre.
Phil Lesh and Friends are both musicians associated with Anders Osborne and tab benoit.
The genre of Rhythm and Blues is the genre of Anders Osborne, whose record label is Rabadash Records.
The genre of Rhythm and Blues is the genre of Anders Osborne, whose record label is Shanachie Records.
Pop music singer Andra sang between 2000 and 2000.
Andra (singer) is a genre of Rhythm and Blues, which has the stylistic origin of blues.
Jonathan Mendelsohn and Andrew Rayel are also musicians associated with Christian Burns.
Jonathan Mendelsohn is an associated musician with Andrew Rayel, Mark Sixma and Jonathan Mendelsohn.
Jwaydan Moyine is an associated musician with Andrew Rayel and Armin van Buuren.
Andrew White (musician) is in the genre of Alternative rock, which has the stylistic origin of New wave music.
Al Anderson (NRQ band) is in the genre of Country music where the Banjo is an instrument.
Andrew White (musician)'s record label is Polydor Records, which is located in London.
The VK8 has an escape velocity of 0.0925 (kilometerPerSeconds) and an apoapsis of 6603633000.0 (kilometres).
410777) 2009 FD has an apoapsis of 259776702.47055 (kilometres) and a minimum temperature of 211.0 (kelvins).
88234300000.0 is the periapsis for (410777) 2009 FD which was discovered by Spacewatch.
The escapeVelocity of (66063) 1998 RO1 was 0.0999 (kilometrePerSeconds) and was erected on 2013-11-04.
The orbital period of KW4 (66391) was 16244700.0 and was erected on 07/14/2004.
The rotation period of KW4 (66391) was 9953.28 and was adopted on the 14th of July, 2004.
James Craig Watson, who discovered 101 Helena, died of Peritonitis.
1036 Ganmed has an apoapsis of 611961000.0 (kilometres) and a speed of 16.86 (kilometerPerSeconds).
Walter Baade, who was born in German Empire, was the discoverer of 1036 Ganmed.
German national Walter Baade was the discoverer of 1036 Ganmed.
James Craig Watt was the discoverer of 103 Hera and died of Peritonitis.
James Craig Watton, a Canadian, was the discoverer of 103 Hera.
Nottingham born N.R. Pogson, was the discoverer of 107 Camilla.
1089 Tama, formerly known as A919 HA, 1927 WB, was erected on 2005-11-26.
1089 Tama has an apoapsis of 373513000.0 km and a temperature of 179.0 (kelvins).
The periapsis of 1097 Vicia is 279142000000.0 and the epoch is 2006-12-31.
109 Felicitas has an apoapsis of 523329000.0 km and a temperature of 170.0 kelvins.
The periapsis of 109 Felicitas is 283326000000.0 and took place on the 31st of December, 2006.
109 Felicitas was created on the 31st of December, 2006 and rotates 47487.6.
10 Hygiea has an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 (kilometres) and a temperature of 164.0 (kelvins).
The former name of 10 Hygiea was A900 GA and was created in the epoch 2015-06-27.
110 Lydia, with a mass of 6.7 kilograms, was erected on the 31st of December, 2006.
110 Lydia was filmed on the 31st of December 2006 and has an orbital period of 142603000.0.
A-Rosa Luna is a cruise ship with a length of 125800.0 (millimetres).
A-Rosa Luna has a length of 125800.0 (millimetres) and was shipOrded on 2004-01-22.
AIDA Cruises operates AIDAstella in Germany.
AIDA Cruises, in Rostock, is the operator of AIDAluna.
AIDAluna has a top speed of 40.744 and a length of 252000.0 millimetres.
AIDAstella has a length of 253260.0 (millimetres) and was christened on 2013-03-16.
The ALCO RS-3 was built by Montreal locomotive works and has a diesel-electric power type.
ALV X-1 has a diameter of 1.524 metres and 2 rocket stages.
AMC Mater was created in 1974 and is based in Kenosha, Wisconsin.
Richard A. Teague, who designed the AMC Matere, was employed by Chrysler.
ARA Vinticinco de Mayo (V-2) is located in Argentina and has a length of 192000.0 (millimetres).
Alfa Romeo 164 is transported by Saab 9000 and can be found in Milan.
Alfa Romeo 164 is a Fiat Roma-related vehicle that can be found in Italy.
Alfa Romeo 164 is a transport related to Lancia Thema and is found in Italy.
The Alvis Speed 25 is manufactured by the Alvis Car and Engineering Company which is based in Coventry.
The Alvis Speed 25 has a transmission with a single plate clutch, separate 4-speed gearbox all-silent and all-syncromesh, centre change lever, open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints, spiral bevel fully floating back axle and an engine capacity of 4387.0 (cubic Centres).
Alvis Speed 25 has a single plate clutch, separate 4-speed gearbox all-silent and all-syncromesh, centre change lever, open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints, spiral bevel fully floating back axle.
American Motors is the manufacturer of the AMC Matador and the successor to the Eagle (automobile).
Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport is the launch site of Antares (rocket) which flew its maiden flight on 2014-01-09.
ARA Vinticinco de Mayo (V-2) is from Argentina where the leader is Gabriela Michelle.
Ariane 5 was manufactured by Airbus Defence and Space and its launch site is ELA-3.
The parent company of Airbus Defence and Space is Airbus Defence and Space manufactures the Ariane 5.
Aston Martin V8 is a member of the assembly of the United Kingdom and has a connection to Aston Martin RHAM/1.
The Aston Martin V8 was manufactured by Aston Martin and the Aston Martin V8's successor is the Aston Martin Virtue.
Aston Martin V8 is the sequel to Aston Martin V8 Aston Martin DBS.
The successor of Aston Martin V8 is Aston Martin V8, which was manufactured by Aston Martin.
Atlas II, with a diameter of 3.04 m, was last seen on the 16th of March 1998.
The Cape Canaveral Air Force Station is the launch site of the Atlas II, which was manufactured by Lockheed Martin.
The Audi A1 is manufactured by Audi and is part of the Audi e-tron division.
Ducati is a subsidiary of Audi which is the manufacturer of Audi A1.
Audi A1 is manufactured by Audi, a subsidiary of Quattro GmbH.
The key person for Caterpillar Inc. is Douglas R Obrhelman and it has the power type of Caterpillar Inc.
Vandenberg Air Force Base is the launch site of Delta II's Antares rocket.
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirijkov was built in Finland, whose leader is Juha Sipila.
General Dynamics Electric Boat is the parent company of General Dynamics Electric Boat. The American submarine NR-1 was built by General Dynamics Electric Boat.
Rolls-Royce Holdings owns the MTU Friedrichshafen which is the power type of A-Rosa Luna.
Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom where Aston Martin V8 is a member of the assembly.
Aaron S. Daggett was born in Maine and won the Purple Heart award. He fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg.
Ab Klink was born in the Netherlands and graduated from the Erasmus University in Rotterdam. Ab Klink is part of the Christian Democratic party.
Abdul Rahman Ya'kub was the son of Abdul Taib Mahmud who was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak. His Deputy was Stephen Young Kuet Taet.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and belongs to the party Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Niger State and graduated from Technical Institute, Kaduna. He served as the Chief of the Defence Staff in Nigeria.
Abdulsalami Abubakar's military base was Nigerian Air Force and he succeeded Atiku Abubakar who was in office with Olusegun Obasanjo.
Olusegun Obasanjo was in office while Vice President Atiku Abubakar was in office Abdulsalami Abubakar joined the Nigerian army and was succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo.
Abel Caballero, a member of the Congress of Deputies, was born in Ponteareas, Spain.
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia, Spain and is part of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party.
Abner W. Sibal, who served in World War II battles for the United States Army, was commanded by World War II's commander Joseph Stalin.
Abner W. Sibal, a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District, was born in Ridgewood, Queens and belongs to the Republican Party of the United States.
Adam Holloway served as a militarybranch of Grenadier Guards and was involved in the Gulf War, a war whose commander was George H W Bush.
Adam Holloway was born in Faversham and is a member of the Conservative Party (UK). His alma mater was Magdalene College, Cambridge.
Adam Koc was born in Congress Poland and fought in the Polish-Soviet war where Leon Trotsky was a commander.
Adam Koc fought in the Polish-Soviet war which is part of the military conflict. Leon Trotsky was a commander in chief in the Polish-Soviet war which is part of the Russian Civil War.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece. He was the Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of the Popular Orthodox Rally.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece. He was assigned to the office of the Minister for Health.
Adonis Georgiadis is in office while Prime Minister Antonis Samaras is also in office. He is part of the party New Democracy (Greece) which has the colour blue.
Agnes Kat is a national of the Netherlands, whose leader is Mark Rutte. She was a member of the House of Representatives and worked there.
Agnes Katan is a national of the Netherlands and belongs to the Socialist Party (Netherlands). The leader of the Netherlands is Mark Rutte.
Agnes Kant was born in West Germany and graduated from the Radboud University in Nijmegen. She served as a member of the House of Representatives and was a member of the House of Representatives.
Airey Neave, who fought in World War II, was in active service from 1953-06-30 to 1979-03-30.
Airey Neave, who fought in World War II, was in active service from 1974-03-04 until 1979-03-30.
Albert B. White was born on 1856-09-22 and died on 1941-07-03.
Albert B. White was the wife of Agnes Ward White who was born in Marietta, Ohio. He succeeded William M.O. Dowson.
Albert Jenkins Fountain was born in Staten Island, Staten Island, and died in the United States. African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Albert Stevens Fountain was born in New York City, Staten Island, New Mexico and died in New Mexico.
Albert Jenkins Fountain was born in Staten Island, New York and died in the United States.
Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires where the governing body is the Buenos Aires City Government and the leader is Horacio Rodriguez Loreta.
Alberto Teisaire, born in Mendoza, Argentina, later became a rearadmiral and was succeeded by Isaac Rios.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria in the County of Tyrol. He died in Graz.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Connecticut and later became a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from the 4th district. He succeeded Albert E. Austin.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Darien, Connecticut. He was a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from the 4th district and succeeded Albert E. Austin.
Allan Shivers served as a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 (Port Arthur) and is a member of the Democratic Party (United States). His successor is Wilfred Rousins Jr.
Alvah Sabin is from the region of Vermont where the largest city is Burlington, Vermont. He is in the active year end on 1857-03-03.
Alvah Sabin was born 1793-10-23 and is a member of the Whig Party (United States) whose leader is Henry Clay.
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia, Vermont and belongs to the Whig Party (United States) whose leader is Daniel Webster.
Albert Jenkins Fountain was born in the United States and fought in the American Civil War. Abraham Lincoln was commander of the American Civil War.
The battles of Alfred Moore Scales included the Battle of Fredericksburg which is part of the military conflict. The commander of the American Civil War was Jefferson Davis.
Alfons Gorbach was born in County of Tyrol and died in Austria. The country's leader is called Doris Bries.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Tyrol (state of Austria) and died in Austria. The leader of Austria is called Doris Bures.
Alfons Gorbach died in Styria, Austria, where the leader is Doris Breth.
Robert E. Lee is the commander of the Battle of Salem Church which is part of the military conflict and part of the American Civil War. Aaron S. Daggett battled at the Battle of Salem Church.
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam in the Netherlands where the currency is the Euro.
Adam Koc is a national of Poland and belongs to the ethnic group of Kashubians.
The VK8 has a mass of 5.6 kilograms and an escape velocity of 0.0925 (kilometerPerSeconds). It has an apoapsis of 6603633000.0 (kilometres).
The periapsis of (410777) 2009 FD was discovered by Spacewatch and has an orbital orbit of 39447000.0.
66063)1998 RO1 has an apoapsis of 254989570.60815 (kilometres) and a minimum temperature of -71 degrees Celsius. A maximum temperature of 500.0 (kelvins) and 66063)1998 RO1 has an apoapsis of 254989570.60815.
The apoapsis of 66391) 1999 KW4 is 162164091.8388 (kilometres) and has a density of 2.0 gram per cubic cententimetres. The average speed is 37.16 (kilometer per second).
1000 Piazzia has an orbital orbit of 488160.0 and a periapsis of 352497000000.0. The epoch is 2015-06-27.
1001 Gaussia's former name was 1923 OAA907 XC. It was erected in 2015-06-27 and has a periapsis of 419113394.55312 (kilometres).
101 Helena has a mass of 3.0 (kilograms) and an escapeVelocity of 0.0348 (kilometrePerSeconds). It has an apoapsis of 4410920100.0 (kilometres).
German national Walter Baade was the discoverer of 1036 Ganmed and his alma mater was the University of Gottingen.
James Craig Watt was the discoverer of 103 Hera which was discovered on the 27th of August 2011 in Madison, Wisconsin.
James Craig Watt was the discoverer of 103 Hera and died in Madison, Wisconsin. Peritonitis was one of the causes of James Craig Watt's death.
The epoch of 103 Hera is 2011-08-27. It has an orbital period of 1622.2213 (days) and an apoapsis of 437170000.0 (kilometres).
103 Hera has an escapeVelocity of 0.0482 (kilometerPerSeconds), a temperature of 172 kelvins and an apoapsis of 437170000.0 (kilometres).
N.R. Pogson is an English national born in Nottingham and is the discoverer of 107 Camilla.
1089 Tama, formerly known as A894 VA or A904 VD, was created in 2005-11-26 and has an orbital period of 1202.846 (days).
1089 Tama was published in the epoch of 2005-11-26. It has a periapsis of 288749000000.0 and an apoapsis of 373513000.0 (kilometres).
The epoch of 1097 Vicia is 2006-12-31 and the periapsis is 279142000000.0. Its former name is 1928 PC.
109 Felicitas was created on the 31st of December 2006 and has a mass of 7.5 (kilograms) and an orbital period of 139705000.0.
The epoch of 109 Felicitas is 2006-12-31. It has an orbital period of 139705000.0 and an apoapsis of 523329000.0 (kilometres).
10 Hygiea has an orbital period of 5.57 days and an average speed of 16.76 kilometres per second. It has an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 (kilometres).
10 Hygiea has an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 (kilometres) and a surface area of 837080.744 (square Kilometres). It has an average speed of 16.76 and has an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 (kilometres).
10 Hygiea has an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 (kilometres) and a surface area of 837080.744 (square Kilometres). It has a temperature of 164.0 (kelvins).
110 Lydia has a mass of 6.7 (kilograms) and a periapsis of 377016000000.0. It was erected on the 31st of December, 2006.
110 Lydia has a periapsis of 377016000000.0 and an apoapsis of 440756000.0 (kilometres). The epoch is 2006-12-31.
Suburban Legends is a genre of pop music and Aaron Bertram is an associated musician with Kids Imagine Nation.
Aaron deer is an Indie rock genre that originated in Indiana, United States.
Psychedelia is the genre of Aaron deer which originates in the United States and originates in Indiana.
Twilight is an associated band with Black Metal artist Aaron Turner who is also known as Greymachine.
Twilight is an associated band with Aaron Turner who is also a musician associated with Greymachine. Aaron Turner is also a member of the Drone Music genre.
Twilight is an associated band with Aaron Turner who is also a musician associated with Mamiffer. Aaron Turner is also a member of the Ambient music genre.
Aaron Turner plays the electric guitar in the genre of Black metal, which is also known as the Death Metal genre.
Aaron Turner plays the instrument Singing and is in the genre of Black Metal. Death Metal is also one of the genres of music.
Magik Rapper is an associated musician with Abradab who was born on 1978-11-12. Abradab is also known as Kaliber 44.
Magik (rapper) is associated with the band Abradab and Kaliber 44 is an associated musician. Abradab was originally from Katowice.
Ace Wilder is a genre of hip hop music which is stylistically inspired by funk and disco.
Juan Afara is the leader of Paraguay where Agustin Barboza was born in Asuncion.
Al Anderson (NRBQ band) is an associated band/associated musician with NRBQ. Al Anderson sings and is in the genre of Rock music.
Alan Frew is in the genre of Rock music, which has the stylistic origin of country music and is also known as the Fusion genre of Bhangra.
Albennie Jones is a jazz performer. Jazz has the stylistic origin of blues and is influenced by afrobeat.
Albennie Jones was born in Errata, Mississippi. She is known for her genre, Rhythm and Blues, which is a derivative of Disco.
K2 (Kovac sisters duo) and Bebi Dol are all associated with Pop music genre Aleksandra Kovac.
Aleksandra Kovac is associated with Bebi Dol and Kornelije Kovac. Kornelije Kovac is also an associated musician with the Pop genre.
Aleksandra Kovac is associated with K2 (Kovac sisters duo) and is a member of the Rhythm and Blues genre.
Synthpop is a genre of pop music and is also known as Disco. It is also the genre of Alex Day.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, England and died in Sidcup.
The United Kingdom national Alfred Garth Jones was born in England and died in London.
The United Kingdom national Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester and died in London.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, the leader of which is the Labour Party (UK). He died in Sidcup.
Boris Johnson is the leader of London where Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup.
Alison O'Donnell is an associated musician with Flibbertigibbet and the Folk music genre of Folk music of Ireland. He is also an associated musician with Mellow Candle.
Flibbertigibbet is a genre of Folk music. Alison O'Donnell is an associated musician with Mellow Circle and Flibbertigibbet.
Alison O'Donnell's instruments include Voice, Bodhran, percussion and autoharp. The Jazz genre is derivative of funk.
Alison O'Donnell is a jazz musician, whose record label is Static Caravan Records. Funk is a jazz genre.
Allen Forrest was born in Dothan, Alabama. He was a solo singer and performs in the genre of Pop music.
Allen Forrest was born in Dothan, Alabama and was a solo singer. He sang Rhythm and Blues.
Alternative rock is stylistic originated from New Wave music. It is a genre of alternative rock which is influenced by numetal and Andrew White (musician).
Anders Osborne is an associated musician with Billy iuso, Tab benoit, and Kirk Joseph.
Anders Osborne, who has the record label Rabadash Records, is in the genre of Rock music. Bhangra (music) is also a genre.
Puya is an associated singer with Andra (singer) and CRBL. Andra is a dance singer associated with CRBL.
Andreea Balan and Marius Mog are musicians associated with Andra (singer) who is in the genre of Rhythm and Blues.
The genre of Rhythm and Blues (derived from Disco) is Rhythm and Blues. Andra (singer) has a background as a solo singer.
Andrew Rayel is an associated musician with Christian Burns and Jonathan Mendelsohn. He is also the genre of Trance music.
Jonathan Mendelsohn is an associated musician with Andrew Rayel, Bobina and Jonathan Mendelsohn. Andrew Rayel performs in the genre of Trance music.
Jwaydan Moyine is an associated musician with the band Andrew Rayel and the House Music genre, Christian Burns.
The record label for Andrew White (musician) is Universal Records (defunct) and he is also associated with Marry Bilow and as well as as the musicians Kaiser Chiefs and Kaiser.
Suburban Legends is the associated band/associated musician Aaron Bertram, who is also known as Ska punk, whose stylistic origin is Ska.
Albennie Jones was born in Errata, Mississippi in the United States, where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
1955 Dodge Coronet is also known as Dodge and has a V8 engine and a 3 speed automatic transmission.
A-Rosa Luna is a cruise ship with a length of 125800.0 (millimetres). It was ordered on 2004-01-22.
A-Rosa Luna has a top speed of 24.0 and a length of 125800.0 (millimetres). It can be shipped in 1850.0 tonnes.
AIDA Cruises, in Germany, operate AIDA Cruises. AIDAstella is owned by Costa Crociere.
AIDAstella has a length of 253260.0 (millimetres) and was christened on the 16th March, 2013. It was put into service on the 17th March 2013.
The American locomotive company built the ALCO RS-3, a 4 stroke engine with a length of 17068.8 (millimetres).
The American locomotive company built the ALCO RS-3 with a V12 engine and a length of 17068.8 (millimetres).
American Locomotive Company which was founded in Schenectady, New York, is the builder of ALCO RS-3 which has a length of 17068.8 (millimetres).
The origin of ALV X-1 is the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group and the demonym for Americans.
ALV X-1 originates from the United States, where Native Americans are an ethnic group and the capital is Washington, D.C.
ALV X-1 has a diameter of 1.524 (metres) and 2 stages. It has a total of 1 launches.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe was produced in 1958 and is in the body style of a Coupe. The engine is a straight-four engine.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe bodystyle is a two door coupe with a 2160.0 (millimetres) wheelbase and a width of 1.55.
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built in Helsinki by the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard and has a beam of 21.2.
Alfa Romeo 164 is a Fiat Chrysler car that is attached to it. Rome is the capital of Italy.
Alfa Romeo 164 is a transport related to Lancia Thema and can be found in Italy where the capital is Rome.
Arese and Lancia Thema are related to Alfa Romeo 164 which is also the assembly of Alfa Romeo 164.
Alfa Romeo 164 is transported by Fiat Roma, Saab 9000 and assembly is in Milan.
The length of Alhambra is 63800.0 millimetres and the ship's beam is 8.3 meters. It was launched on 1855-05-31.
The wrecked Alhambra, with a beam of 8.3 meters, was inaugurated on the 31st of May, 1855.
Alvis Speed 25 is manufactured by Alvis Car and Engineering Company which was founded in Coventry. The engine used is Petrol.
Roy D. Chapin Jr. is the key person behind American Motors which was the manufacturer of the AMC Mate. The AMC Mate's fate was the Eagle.
The United States is the origin of Antares (rocket) which is manufactured by Yuzhnoye Design Office and is comparable to Delta II.
The Yuzhnoye Design Office is the manufacturer of the Antares (rocket) which has the function of a "medium expendable launch system". It is located at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launchpad 0.
Ariane 5 was developed by Ariane and launched by ELA-3 at the Guiana Space Centre.
Assembled in Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, England, United Kingdom, the Aston Martin V8 has an engine of 5.3 litres and is related to the Aston Martin DBS.
Assembled in the United Kingdom, Aston Martin V8 has a 5.3 litre engine and is related to the Aston Martin DBS.
Vandenberg Air Force Base and Cape Canaveral Air Force Station are the origin of Atlas II which was launched in the United States.
Atlas II was originally published in the United States, where Native Americans are an ethnic group and the leader is called the President.
The United States is the origin of Atlas II which was launched from the Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36 in the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.
The Audi A1 is made in Audi Brussels and has a bodystyle of a Hatchback. It has a displacement of 1.2 litres.
The Audi A1 is manufactured by Audi and has the following connections: SEAT Ibiza and Volkswagen Polo.
Caterpillar Inc. is located in Peoria, Illinois and was founded in California. Its power type is Caterpillar Inc.
AIDA Cruises own AIDAluna which is owned by AIDA Cruises and has the power type of Caterpillar Inc. and is located in Illinois.
AIDA Cruises operate AIDAstella in Genoa and it is owned by Costa Crociere.
Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2 is the launch site of Delta II which was developed in the United States. Antares rocket is comparable to Delta II.
The Guiana Space Centre in French Guiana is the location of ELA-3, the launch site of Ariane 5.
The Guiana Space Centre in Kourou, France is the location of ELA-3, the launch site of Ariane 5.
Neptun Werft, who built the A-Rosa Luna, is located in Rostock, Germany.
The African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where Atlas II was written.
Aaron Hunt is in the VfL Wolfsburg club, plays for Goslarer SC 08 youth club and plays for SV Walker Bremen.
Dieter Hecking is the manager of VfL Wolfsburg where Aaron Hunt is a member of the SV Werder Bremen II club.
Abel Hernandez is part of the Central Espanol youth club, Hull City A.F.C. and plays for U.S. Citta di Palmermo.
Abel Hernandez is in the Penarol youth club of Central Espanol. He plays for U.S. Cittadi Palermo.
Born in the Netherlands, Adam Maher plays for PSV Eindhoven and AZ Alkmaar.
Akeem Adams plays for United Petrotrin F.C. whose home ground is Palo Seco. He also plays for WConnection F.C.
Akeem Ayers, who played for Los Angeles Rams, is a former member of the Los Angeles Rams and has a draft number of 2 and a draft pick of 39.
Akeem Ayers played for St. Louis Rams and is a former player of the St. Louis Rams. He has a draft number of 2, and a draft pick of 39.
Akeem Den, who played for the Atlanta Falcons, was born on 27th September 1987 in Atlanta, Georgia.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra was born in Iraq and plays for Shabab Al-Ordon Club and the Iraq national under-20 football team.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra is a member of the Shabab Al Ordon Club and plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC, whose ground is in Al Khor.
Alan Martin was born on January 1, 1989 and plays for Hamilton Academy F.C. He also plays for Clyde F.C.
Alan Martin is a member of the Motherwell F.C. club and plays for Accrington Stanley F.C. Accrington Stadium F.C.'s ground is in Accrington.
Aleksander Barkov Jr was born on 2009-09 in Tampere, Finland. He played for Florida Panthers.
Aleksander Barkov Jr was born on 2009-09 in Tampere, Finland. He played for Florida Panthers in the draft.
Aleksandr Humakov was born in the Soviet Union and died in Russia. The leader of Russia is Vladimir Putin.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on February 24, 1989 and plays for both FC Kuban Krasnodar and FC Alania Vardikavkaz.
Aleksandr Prudnikov (born on February 24, 1989) plays for the Russia national football B team and FC Tom Tomsk.
Aleksandre Guruli is in the Olympique Lyonnais club, Olympique Lyonnais has the ground at the Parc Olympique Lyonnais. Aleksandre Guruli is in the AZAL PFK club.
Aleksandre Guruli is in US Lesquin and plays for Olympique Lyonnais whose ground is at the Parc Olympique Lyonnais.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for A.C. Milan and the Italy national under-16 football team. His manager is Sinisa Mihajlovic.
Alessio Romagnoli's club is A.C. Milan and his manager is Sinisa Mihajlovic. Alessio Romagnoli plays for U.C. Sampdoria.
Alessio Romagnoli is in the A.S. Roma club and plays for the Italy national under-16 football team. Their coach is Daniele Zoratto.
Alessio Romagnoli was born in Italy and plays for the Italy national under-17 football team. His club is U.C.ampdoria.
Alex Plant was born in Brandon, Manitoba and is a member of the Anyang Halla club. He has a height of 1.9304.
Alex Plant, born in Canada, has a height of 1.9304 and plays for Anyang Halla.
Zvi Schaff is the coach of Maccabi Ashdod B.C. Alex Tyus plays for Maccabi Ashdod B.C. and is in the Euroleague league.
Alex Tyus plays for Maccabi Ashdod B.C. and is in the Turkish Baseball Super League. Zvi Shirf is the coach of Maccabi Ashdod B.C.
Aleksandr Prudnikov is part of the club FC Tom Tomsk and plays for FC Sparak Moscow who have their ground at the Otkrytiye Arena.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Spartak Moscow and his club is FC Anzhi Makachkala. His home ground is the Otkrytiye Arena.
Aleksandr Humakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow and is managed by Valery Petrakov. The club played in the 2014-15 season in the Russia Premier League.
Abel Hernandez is attached to the club Hull City A.F.C. and plays for the Uruguay Olympic football team. Steve Bruce is the manager of Hull City A.F.C.
Aleksandr Humakov was born in Moscow and died in Russia. The leader of Moscow is called Sergey Sobyanin.
Luis Miguel Ramis is the manager of Real Madrid Castilla, where Abner plays for the Brazil national under-20 football team.
Real Madrid Castilla is managed by Luis Miguel Ramis. Abner plays for Real Madrid Castilla and is a member of the C.D. FAS club.
Alex Tyus was born in St. Louis which is part of Greater St. Louis. The leader of St.Louis is Francis G. Slay.
Akeem Ayers played for the Tennessee Titans before joining the New England Patriots in the same city in Nashville, Tennessee.
Akeem Adams is a member of the Trinidad and Tobago national under-20 football team and plays for United Petrotrin F.C. whose ground is in Palo Seco.
Aaron Hume plays for SV Werder Bremen II club and manages SV Werder Bremen II club. SV Werder Bremen II is in the 3 Liga league.
Abel Hernandez is in the Penarol club, plays for Central Espanol youth club and manages Hull City A.F.C. whose manager is Steve Bruce.
Abel Hernandez plays for U.S. Cittadi Palermo and is part of the Penarol youth club. His manager is Jorge Orosman da Silva and he plays for Central Espanol.
Giuseppe Iachini manages U.S. Cittadi di Palermo which is in the Serie A league. Abel Hernandez plays for the youth club Penarol and manages U.S.Cittadi Pialermo.
Adam McQuaid was born in 1986 on the 10th of October in Prince Edward Island and has a weight of 94.8024 kilograms.
Adam McQuaid plays for the Columbus Blues Jackets in Columbus, Ohio. He is also part of the draft team at the Boston Bruins where Don Sweeney is the general manager.
Akeem Ayers played for the St. Louis Rams before making his debut for the Tennessee Titans. He was born in 1989 and made his debut for the Tennessee Titans.
Akeem Den was born in Atlanta, Georgia in 1987. He played for the Houston Texans and is a former player with the Houston Texans.
Akeem Den was born on 27th September 1987 in Atlanta, Georgia. He played for the Atlanta Falcons and Houston Texans before joining the Houston Texans.
Al Khara Abdul-Zahra is a member of the Al-Zawra'a SC club and is managed by Amar Osim. Al Khara's ground is in Al Khor.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra's club is Al Kharaitiyat SC whose ground is in Al Khor. They are managed by Amar Osim and play for the Iraq national under 23 football team.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra, whose ground is in Al Khor, plays for Shabab Al-Ordon Club and Al-Kharaitiyat SC. The manager of Alaa Abdul-Zahra is Amar Osim.
Alan Martin was born on January 1, 1989. He is 185.42 (centimetres) and plays for Hamilton Academy FC. He is also a member of the Crewe Alexander F.C.
Alan Martin (born on January 1, 1989) plays for both Crewe Alexandra F.C. and the Scotland national under-21 football team. He has a height of 185.42 (centimetres).
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on February 24, 1989. He has a height of 185.0 (centimetres) and plays for both FC Dimato Moscow and FC Kynamo Moscow.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on February 24, 1989 and plays for FC Spartak Moscow. He is tall 180 cm and plays for FC Rubin Kazan.
Aleksandre Guruli was born in Batumi and plays for FC Karpaty Lviv. He has a height of 178.0 (centimetres) and is a member of the club FC Zestafoni.
Alex Plant was born in 1989 in Canada. He played for Anyang Halla and was born on the same date on the same date.
Alex Plant was born in 1989 in Canada. He has a height of 1.9304 and plays for Anyang Halla.
O Canada is the anthem of Canada, where the leader is Elizabeth II and the language is Inuktitut. Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada, where the anthem is O Canada and the leader is Elizabeth II. Asian Canadians are one of the ethnic groups in the country.
O Canada is the anthem of Canada, where the leader is Elizabeth II and the language is the slavey language. Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Kerek Grozny who have their ground in Grozny and are managed by Rashid Rakhimov.
Aleksandr Chomakov plays for the Russian Premier League football club, FC Torpedo Moscow. The club's manager is Valery Petrakov and the chairman is Aleksandr Tukmanov.
Akeem Den has played for the Atlanta Falcons and Houston Texans. He has also played for Houston Texans.
Abel Hernandez is the manager of Hull City A.F.C. whose club is Hull City A.F.C. whose youth club is Penarol. They play in the Uruguayan Primera Division and are in the Uruguayan Premiera Division.
The periapsis of VK8 is 6603633000.0 (kilometres) and has a periapsis of 8788850000.0. It was created in the epoch of 2006-12-31 and has an orbital orbit of 8788850000.0.
66063)1998 RO1 was epoch (2013-11-04) and has an orbital period of 360.29 (days). It has an escapeVelocity of 0.0999 (kilometrePerSeconds) and an apoapsis of 254989570.60815 (kilometres).
66063)1998 RO1 has an orbital period of 360.29 days, a mean temperature of 265.0 (kelvins) and an apoapsis of 254989570.60815 (kilometres). The epoch of 66063 is 2013-11-04.
1000 Piazzia was created in the epoch of 2015-06-27. It has an orbital orbit of 488160.0, a periapsis of 352497000000.0 and an escape velocity of 0.0252 (kilometer per second).
Sergey Beljavsky was the discoverer of 1001 Gaussia which was discovered in the epoch of 2015-06-27. The periapsis of 1001 Gaussia is 419113394.55312 (kilometres). The former name of 1001 Gaussia is 1923 OAA907 XC.
1036 Ganmed was discovered by Walter Baade who was born in the German Empire. He attended the University of Gottingen as a doctoral student along with Allan Sandage.
1036 Ganmed was discovered by Walter Baade who was born in Preussisch Oldendorf. He studied at the University of Gottingen and was doctoral student with Halton Arp.
1036 Ganmed was discovered by Walter Baade who was a doctoral student at the University of Gottingen. Walter Baade died in West Germany.
James Craig Watt was the discoverer of 103 Hera and died in Madison, Wisconsin. Watts graduated from the University of Michigan and died of peritonitis.
103 Hera was discovered by James Craig Watson who was a Canadian and died in Madison, Wisconsin. The apoapsis of 103 Hera is 437170000.0 km.
Canadian James Craig Watson, who discovered 103 Hera, died in Madison, Wisconsin. Peritonitis is one of the causes of James Craig Watson's death.
N.R. Pogson was the discoverer of 107 Camilla. He was born in Nottingham and died in Chennai. 107 Camilla has a periapsis of 479343000.0 km.
Nottingham born N.R. Pogson, who discovered 107 Camilla on 2001-03-01, died in Chennai.
The epoch of 1089 Tama is 2005-11-26. Its former name is A894 VA and A904 VD. It has an orbital orbit of 1202.846 (days) and a periapsis of 288749000000.0.
1089 Tama has an orbital period of 1202.846 (days) and an escape velocity of 0.0068 (kilometrePerSeconds). It was created in the epoch of 2005-11-26 and has an apoapsis of 373513000.0 (kilometres).
1097 Vivia is 9.8 kilograms, has an orbital period of 135589000.0 and an apoapsis of 511592000.0 (kilometres).
The epoch of 109 Felicitas is 2006-12-31. It has an orbital period of 139705000.0, a periapsis of 283326000000.0 and an escape velocity of 0.0473 (kilometrePerSeconds).
The epoch name of 10 Hygiea is A900 GA. It has an orbital period of 5.57 days and a periapsis of 416136000000.0.
1101 Clematis has an escapeVelocity of 0.02 (kilometerPerSeconds), an orbital period of 183309000.0 and an apoapsis of 520906000.0 (kilometres). The epoch of 1101 Clematis was 2006-12-31.
1101 Klematis was created in the epoch of 2006-12-31 with an orbital orbit of 183309000.0 and a periapsis of 445895000000.0. Its former name was 1928 SJ.
1101 Clematis has an escape velocity of 0.02 (kilometrePerSeconds), an orbital period of 183309000.0 and a periapsis of 445895000000.0. The epoch is 2006-12-31.
1955 Dodge (built by Dodge) has a V8 engine and a 3 speed automatic transmission. It has a wheelbase of 120.0 inches.
1955 Dodge and 1955 DeSoto Custom are related companies, Chrysler Newport and DeSoto Custom. DeSoto Firedome is the successor to DeSoto Custom which was manufactured by DeSoto.
The owner of AIDAstella is Costa Crociere and it is operated by AIDA Cruises in Rostock. The builder of AIDAstella is Meyer Wolft.
AIDA Cruises are the operators of AIDAstella which is 253260.0 (millimetres) in length. AIDAstella is owned by Costa Crociere and was built by Meyer Werft.
American Locomotive Company built the ALCO RS-3 between May 1950 and August 1956. It has a V12 engine and a diesel-electric transmission.
American Locomotive Company built the ALCO RS-3 between May 1950 and August 1956. The RS-3 has a length of 17068.8 (millimetres) and a V12 engine.
American Locomotive Company which was founded in Schenectady, New York, United States, is the builder of ALCO RS-3 which has a length of 17068.8 (millimetres).
Montreal locomotive works built the ALCO RS-3 between May 1950 and August 1956. It has a V12 engine and a diesel-electric transmission.
Montreal locomotive works built the ALCO RS-3 between May 1950 and August 1956. It has 12 cylinders and is powered by a four-stroke engine.
The station wagon style AMC Matador is also known as the American Motors Matador. It is assembled in Mexico City and has an AMC V8 engine.
The AMC Matador, also known as VAM Classic, is a mid-size car assembled in Kenosha, Wisconsin. It has an AMC Straight-6 engine.
Acura TLX is a mid-size car assembled in Marysville, Ohio. It has front-wheel drive / all-wheel drive and the Honda K engine.
The Acura TLX is in the class of Luxury vehicles and was assembled by Marysville Auto Plant. It has a V6 engine and has a front-engine design.
The Aleksey Chirijkov icebreaker is in service and was built by Arctech Hellski Shipyard in Finland. It has a ship beam of 21.2 and is in service.
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov was built in Helsinki, Finland, where Juha Sipila is the leader of the Finns.
The ship beam of Aleksey Chirijkov is 21.2 and he is currently in service. The icebreaker was built in Helsinki by the builder Arctech Helsinki Shipyard.
Alfa Romeo 164 is from Italy and is a straight-four engine. It is also connected to the Lancia Thema and Saab 9000.
Alfa Romeo 164 is made in Italy, it has a V6 engine and is linked to Fiat Roma and the Saab 9000.
Alhambra is a wrecked structure with a ship beam of 8.3 meters and a length of 63800.0 millimetres. Its wake up date is 1855-05-31.
The Alvis Speed 25 is manufactured by Alvis Car and Engineering Company which was founded in Coventry and is the successor to the Rover Company. The engine is Petrol.
Alvis Speed 25 is manufactured by Alvis Car and Engineering Company which was founded in Coventry and is the successor to Rover Company. The Straight Six engine is used in the Alvis Speed 25.
Roy D. Chapin, Jr. is the key person behind American Motors which was the manufacturer of the AMC Matador. American Motors was the successor to Eagle (automobile) and later sold to Chrysler.
General Dynamics Electric Boat was the builder of the American Submarine NR-1 which has a beam of 3.8 meters and a top speed of 8.334. It was launched on the 25th of January 1969.
The American Submarine NR-1 was launched on 25th January 1969 and has a top speed of 8.334. It has a length of 45000.0 millimetres and a beam length of 3.8 m.
The Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launchpad 0 is the location of the rocket designed by Yuzhnoye Design Office. Its maiden flight took place on 2013-04-21 and its final flight was on 2014-10-28.
Antares (rocket) was manufactured by Yuzhnoye Design Office and launched Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launchpad 0 on the 21st of April 2013. Its final flight was on the 18th of November, 2013.
Aston Martin V8 was assembled in the United Kingdom, the capital of which is London. Aston Martin V8's successor is Aston Martin Virtue, which was manufactured by Aston Martin.
Assembled in the United Kingdom, Aston Martin V8 has a 5.3 litre engine and is related to Aston Martin RHAM/1.
Aston Martin V8 is the successor to the Aston Martin V8 which has a 5.3 litre engine. It was produced by Aston Martin and is the same as the Aston Martin DBS.
Vandenberg Air Force Base and Cape Canaveral Air Force Station are the launch sites of Atlas II which has a diameter of 3.04 meters and was completed in 2002.
The Audi A1 is in the Supermini class, has a 1.2 litre engine and a front-wheel drive layout. It is assembled by Audi Brussels and has a front-engine and front-wheel drive layout.
Audi was founded by August Horch and is the manufacturer of Audi A1. They have a division called Audi e-tron and a subsidiary called Ducati.
AIDA Cruises own AIDAluna which has the power type of Caterpillar and is located in Illinois. AIDAluna was founded in California.
AIDA Cruises are the operators of AIDAstella. AIDAstella is owned by Costa Crociere, which is located in Genoa. The builder of AIDAstella is Meyer Wolft.
Antares (rocket) is similar to Delta II and originates in the United States. Antares (rock) was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 in the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.
Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2 and Cape Canaveral Air Force Station are similar to Delta II both originate from the United States.
Alfa Romeo 164 is made in Italy and has the bodystyle of a Sedan. It is a vehicle that is related to Fiat Roma and Opel Vectra.
Alfa Romeo 164 is a Sedan driven Fiat Romeo 164 is also a Fiat Roma. The Alfa Romeo 164 is also related to Opel Vectra and can be found in Milan.
General Dynamics Electric Boat is the parent company of General Dynamics Electric Boat which is located in Groton, Connecticut and has a beam beam of 3.8 meters. The American submarine NR-1 was built by General Dynamics Electric Boat.
The builder of A-Rosa Luna is Neptun Werft, who is located in Rostock, Germany. The leader of Germany is Stanislaw Tillich.
Atlas II is from the United States, where the capital is Washington D.C. and the language is English. African Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States.
The African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where the capital city is Washington D.C. and the population is demonymous Americans. Atlas II was created in the United States.
Suburban Legends, whose band member is Brian Robertson (trombonist) is associated with the Ska Punk genre of Aaron Bertram. Suburban Legends is also the band that was once associated with Kids Imagine Nation.
Aaron Deer, originated in Indianapolis, Indiana, is a psychedelia musician.
Aaron Turner is an associated musician with Isis and Sumac. He performs in the genre of electroacoustic music and sings.
Aaron Turner, an artist of the post-metal genre, began his career in 1995 and was an associated musician with Twilight and Old Man Gloom.
Aaron Turner plays the electric guitar in the genre of Black metal and is associated with the band Sumac.
Ace Wilder is a solo singer who was born in 1982 in Stockholm and was born on 23rd July 1982.
Ace Wilder is a solo singer who was born in 1982 in Sweden and was born on 23rd July 1982.
Ace Wilder was born in 1982 in Stockholm. He was a solo singer and he was a Songwriter.
Ace Wilder was born in 1982 in Sweden. He was a solo singer and he was a Songwriter.
Ahmet Ertegun, who has a background of non-performing personnel, was born in Washington, D.C. and comes from the United States. He performs in Rhythm and Blues genre.
Ahmet Ertegun originates from the United States and is also known as Rock and Roll. African Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S. and Rock and roll has a stylistic origin of blues.
Albennie Jones, who was an active year in the year 1950, wrote the genre of Rhythm and Blues. The blues has a stylistic origin and is a derivative of Disco.
Albennie Jones was born in the United States, where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups. She excels in the genre of jazz, which has the stylistic origin of blues.
Pop music singer Aleksandra Kovac was born in Belgrade in 1972.
Aleksandra Kovac was born in the Socialist Republic of Serbia in 1972. She is a solo singer who has a background in Rhythm and Blues.
Alex Day is an associated musician with the Chameleon Circle (band) and Charlie McDonnell. He began playing in 2006 and is in the genre of acoustic music.
Alex Day started his career in 2006 with the band Chameleon Circle and Charlie McDonnell. He is an associated musician with the band and performs in the genre of electronic music.
Alfred Garth Jones (born in Manchester in 1872) died in London.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, Uruguay. The leader of Montevideo is Daniel Martinez and the inhabitants are known as Uruguayans.
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Uruguay and is a solo singer. He sings in the Candombe genre. His record label is RCA Records.
Alison O'Donnell started his career in 1963 and performed in the genre of Folk music. He was also associated with Bajik and Flibbertigibbet.
Alison O'Donnell is an associated musician with Mellow Circle and Head South By Weaving. He was an active musician in the genre of Folk music and started his career in 1963.
The genre of jazz is Alison O'Donnell. Alison's record label is Deram Records, which is located in London. Alison's record label is Floating World Records.
Alison O'Donnell is a jazz musician. Alison O'Donnell's record label is Deram Records which is based in London. Alison O'Donnell's record label is Fruits de Mer Records.
Acoustic musician Allen Forrest was born in 1981 in Fort Campbell. He has a background as a solo singer.
Allen Forrest was born in Fort Campbell, KY in 1981 and was raised in Dothan, AL. He was a solo singer and his background is Hip Hop music.
Marry Bond is an associated musician with Andrew White who is a member of the Alternative rock genre. Alternative rock has the stylistic origin of Punk Rock and the music Fusion genre is Nu metal.
Billy Iuso and Anders Osborne are both musicians associated with the genre of rock music. Anders Osborne is also an associated musician with Galactic and Tab Benoit.
Shanachie Records is the record label for Anders Osborne, Shanachie Records is the blues genre Alligator Records is located in Chicago.
Andra sings and sings. She was born in Romania and is a solo singer. She sings in the genre of Dance Pop.
Andra (singer) is a genre of Rhythm and Blues which is influenced by blues and is a derivative of funk. Disco is also a genre of Rhythm and Blues.
Jonathan Mendelsohn and Christian Burns are some of Andrew Rayel's musicians. Andrew Rayel is an associated musician with Jonathan Mendelsohn and performs in the genre of Trance music.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Jwaydan Moyine and Christian Burns. He is also a collaborator of Jwaydan Moyine and performs in the genre of Trance. House music has a stylistic origin and is a genre of house music.
The musician Andrew White is an associated musician with Kaiser Chiefs and Marry Babilow. He started his career in 2003 and performed in the Alternative Rock genre.
The record label for Andrew White (musician) is Universal Records (defunct record label), he has Kaiser Chiefs as an associated musician and Marry Baldwin as a band.
Juan Afara is the leader of Paraguay where Agustin Barboza died in Asuncion, which is part of Gran Asuncion.
Al Anderson (NRBQ band) is an associated band with The Wildweeds and is a member of the genre of Country music. The country music instrument is the banjo and is also the genre of country music.
Allen Forrest is a member of the genre of hip hop music, which originates from the genre of Disco. Disco is a stylistic origin of hip hop music, which is a derivative of the genre of drum and bass.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, Greater Manchester. Manchester is led by the Labour Party (UK).
Twilight is an associated band with Aaron Turner who is also a member of the House of Low Culture. Aaron Turner is a post-metal musician who also plays the cello.
Aaron Turner plays the electric guitar in the Black metal band Twilight. Death metal is a genre associated with Aaron Turner.
Albennie Jones, born in the United States, has a genre called Rhythm and Blues which is stylistically from Blues. African Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States.
Aaron S. Daggett was born in Maine and served in the American Civil War. He was awarded the Purple Heart award and died in West Roxbury.
Aaron S. Daggett was born in Maine and served in the Battle of the Wildness. He was awarded the Purple Heart award and died in West Roxbury.
Ab Klink was born in the Netherlands. He has an office at the Ministry of Health, Welfare and Sport and his almaMater is Erasmus University Rotterdam, which is affiliated with the Association of MBAs.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri, Malaysia and is part of the Parti Pesaka Bisumiputera Bersatu party. He lives in Kuching and he was born in Malaysia.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and belongs to the party of Parti Pesaka Bombiputera Bersatu. He lives in Sarawak and is parti pesaka bumiputera Bersatu.
Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak is the party of Abdul Taib Mahmud who is the successor to Adenan Setem who was born in the Japanese occupation of British Norway.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, a member of the Parti Pesaka Bombiputera Bersatu party, was born in Sarawak and succeeded Adenan Samem, who was born in the Japanese occupation of British Bengaleo.
Abdulsalami Abubakar is attached to the Nigerian army and is in office while Vice President. His predecessor was Oladipo Diya and his successor was Atiku Abubakar.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office while Vice President Mike Akhigbe was the predecessor of Oladipo Diya and the military branch of Nigerian Air Force. Abdulsalami Abubakar's successor is Al-Amin Daggash.
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia (Spain) and served in the office while monarch of Juan Carlos I of Spain. His predecessor was Francisco Franco and his in the office while Prime Minister was Felipe Gonzalez.
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia, Spain. He was a member of the Socialist Workers' Party and was employed as a minister of transport.
Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the United States where Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in New Britain, Connecticut. His wife is Casey and his nationality is United States.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent and attended Magdalene College, Cambridge. He was active since 2005 and fought in the Gulf War.
Adam Koc is a Polish national who fought in the Polish-Soviet war where Joseph Stalin was commander.
Adam Koc died in New York City. He was involved in the Polish-Soviet War, a part of the military conflict, and the Russian Civil War. The commander of the Polish-Soviet war was Joseph Stalin.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece. He served as the Vice President of New Democracy and succeeded Makis Vardis.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece. His office was the Ministry of Economy, Development and Tourism and he succeeded Makis Vardis.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece. He is a member of the Hellenic Parliament and his successor is Makis Vardis.
The leader of the Socialist Party (Netherlands) of Emile Roemer is Emile Roemer. The leader of the Socialist Party (Netherlands) is Emile Roemer. Agnes Kat is a national of the Netherlands and the currency is the Euro.
Agnes Kent is a national of the Netherlands. She is a member of the Socialist Party (Netherlands) and her office (worked at and worked as) is the House of Representatives. The leader of the Netherlands is Mark Rutte.
Emile Roemer is part of the Socialist Party (Netherlands) which is led by Mark Rutte. Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands.
Agnes Kat is from the Netherlands and belongs to the Socialist Party (Netherlands) which is led by Emile Roemer and has the colour red.
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge, London and served in the Battle of France. He was in the active years from 1953-06-30 until 1979-03-30.
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge, London and served in the Battle of France. She was in the active years beginning on the 4th of March 1974 and ending on the 30th of March 1979.
Airey Neave's unit was the Royal Artillery, whose garrison is in Hohne. Airey Neave fought in World War II, where the commander was Chiang Kai-shek.
Albert B. White was born in Cleveland and died in Parkersburg, West Virginia. His successor was William M. O. Dawson who was born in Bloomington, Maryland.
Albert B. White was born in Cleveland and became an active member of Congress on 1901-03-04. He succeeded William M.O. Dawson.
Albert Fountain was born in New York, where the language is French, and fought in the American Civil War. Abraham Lincoln was the commander of the American Civil War.
Albert Fountain was born in New York City and died in Dona Ana, New Mexico. He was involved in the American Civil War, where the commander was Jefferson Davis.
Albert Stevens Fountain was born in New York, Staten Island, New Mexico and died in the United States.
Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires where the leader is Horacio Rodriguez Larreta. He was a member of the Justicialist Party and was in the office of President Juan Peron.
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza, Argentina. He served as the interim president of the Argentine Senate, was a former rearadmiral and succeeded Isaac Rojas.
Alfred Moore Scales was born in Reidsville, North Carolina and succeeded Daniel Gould Feele. His office was as a governor of North Carolina and he was part of the Democratic Party (United States).
Alfred N. Phillips, a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from the 4th district of Connecticut, was born in Connecticut. He was a member of the U.S. Armed Forces and served in the Whiskey Rebellion.
Alfred N. Phillips, a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from the 4th district of Connecticut, was born in Connecticut. He was a member of the Democratic Party (United States) and succeeded Albert E. Austin.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Darien, Connecticut. He served as the Mayor of Stamford and was part of the Democratic Party of the United States. His successor was Albert E.Austin.
Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin, Texas. He was a member of the Democratic Party of the United States and was succeeded by Price Daniel.
Wilfred Rousins Jr. succeeded Allan Shivers who was born in Lufkin, Texas and was part of the Democratic Party of the United States.
Alvah Sabin is the Secretary of State of Vermont. Alvah Sabin's office is in the region of Vermont's 3rd Congressional District, where the largest city is Burlington, Vermont.
Alvah Sabin is a member of the Whig Party (United States) whose leader is Daniel Webster. Alvah Sabin comes from the Vermont region where the largest city is Burlington, Vermont.
Aaron S. Daggett was awarded the Purple Heart at the Battle of Gettysburg, which is part of the military conflict. Robert E. Lee was commander of the American Civil War.
Alberto Teisaire is an argentinian national who was in office while Juan Peron was in the Labour Party (Argentina). Alberto Teisaire is in office while Juan Peron is in the Labour Party.
Alberto Teisaire (born in Mendoza, Argentina) succeeded Isaac Rios and was in office while Juan Peron was in the Labour Party (Argentina).
The owner of AIDAstella is Costa Crociere, whose parent company is Carnival Corporation & plc. It is operated by AIDA Cruises in Germany. The builder for the AIDAstella is Meyer Wolft.
AIDA Cruises is the operator of AIDAstella which was built by Meyer Wolff. It has a top speed of 38.892 and a length of 253260.0 (millimetres).
American Locomotive Company built the ALCO RS-3 between May 1950 and August 1956. The RS-3 has 12 cylinders and is 17068.8 millimetres long. The engine is a four-stroke engine.
American Locomotive Company built the ALCO RS-3 between May 1950 and August 1956. The RS-3 has a length of 17068.8 (millimetres) and a V12 engine with 12 cylinders.
The origin of ALV X-1 is the United States, where Native Americans are an ethnic group and the anthem is The Star-Spangled Banner. The capital city is Washington D.C.
The American Motors Matador (abbreviated to AMC Matador) is a mid-size car assembled in Thames, New Zealand. It has a station wagon bodystyle and AMC V8 engine.
The Alhambra is owned by P&O (located in London) and built by Samuda Brothers. Its ship beam is 8.3 meters long and it has the power type of Humphrys, Tennant and Dykes.
Roy D. Chapin, Jr. is the key person behind American Motors which were the makers of the AMC Matador. American Motors is a subsidiary of Wheel Horse and the company's successor is Eagle.
American Submarine NR-1 was launched on 25th January 1969 and has a top speed of 8.334. Its length is 45000.0 (millimetres) and has a beam of 3.8 m.
Mid Atlantic Regional Spaceport is the launch site for Antares (rocket) and Minotaur IV. Antares (rock) is similar to Delta II (rock similar to Delta II) and originates in the United States.
The Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport LaunchPad 0 is the launch site for Antares (rocket) which was designed by Yuzhnoye Design Office and has a diameter of 3.9 metres. Its maiden flight was on 2014-10-28 and its final flight was on 2013-07-13.
The manufacturer of Antares (rocket) is Yuzhnoye Design Office. The rocket has a diameter of 3.9 metres and was launched Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launchpad 0 on 2014-10-28. Its final flight was on 2013-09-18.
The manufacturer of Ariane 5 is Airbus Defence and Space. The Ariane 5 has a diameter of 5.4 meters and was launched on Guiana Space Centre on 2005-08-11. Its final flight was on 2009-12-18 and its maiden flight was on 2005-08-11.
Arianespace operates the ELA-3 launch site in Courcouronnes. The Guiana Space Centre is located in French Guiana. Arianespace operates the launch site of ELA-3.
Aston Martin V8 is manufactured by Aston Martin and can be found in Newport Pagnell. The V8 has a 5.3 litre engine and was the predecessor to Aston Martin Vantage.
The Aston Martin V8 is also called the Aston Martin RHAM/1. It is assembled in Newport Pagnell and has a 5.3 litre engine and a bodystyle of Coupe.
Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom where Aston Martin V8 (also known as Aston Martin DBS) was assembled. The Aston Martin V8 succeeds the Aston Martin Virtue and is manufactured by Aston Martin.
Assembled in Brussels, Belgium, the Audi A1 is in the class of Supermini and has a front-engine and front-wheel drive layout. It has a 1.2 litre engine and a bodystyle of a Hatchback.
Audi was founded by August Horch and is the manufacturer of Audi A1. They have a division called Audi e-tron and a Lamborghini subsidiary.
AIDA Cruises own AIDAluna which has the power type of Caterpillar and is located in Peoria, Illinois in the United States. The company was founded in California.
AIDA Cruises, in Rostock, owns AIDAluna. The company's owner is AIDA Cruises and the company's key person is Douglas R Oberhelman. AIDAluna has Caterpillar Inc. which was founded in the United States.
AIDA Cruises own AIDAluna which has the power type of Caterpillar and was founded in the United States in Peoria, Illinois. Its key person is Douglas R Oberhelman.
AIDAstella is owned by AIDA Cruises and operated by AIDA Cruises. AIDAstella was built by Meyer Wolft and is owned by Costa Crociere in Genoa. Its parent company is Carnival Corporation & plc.
Juha Sipila is the leader of Finland where the people are known as Finns. The country is the location of the icebreaker, built by Arctech Helsinki Shipyard and built by architect Aleksey Chirijkov.
Neptun Westerft was the builder of A-Rosa Luna in Rostock, Germany. The leader of Germany is Joachim Gauck and the capital city is Berlin.
Neptun Werft, in Rostock, Germany, was the builder of A-Rosa Lua. The leader of Germany is Andreas Vosskuhle and the capital city is Berlin.
Atlas II is from the United States, where the native people are called Americans and the language is English. The capital city is Washington D.C. and Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Abel Hernandez plays for Central Espanol, the Uruguayan Segunda Division, U.S. Cittadi Palermo and his club is U.S. Cittadi DiPalermo. His manager is Jorge Rosa Maria and his youth club is Penarol.
Aleksandr Humakov died in Russia where the leader is Valentina Matviyenko. He played for the Soviet Union national football team and the club FC Torpedo Moscow where he was managed by Valery Petrakov.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for both FC Karpaty Luzhny and Olympique Lyonnais. Aleksandre Guruli's club is Olympique Lyonnais and his home ground is the Parc Olympique Lyonnais.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for A.C. Milan, who play in the Serie A league. His manager is Sinisa Mihajlovic, and he plays as a defender (football).
Alessio Romagnoli plays for A.C. Milan and is currently playing for the Italy national under-17 football team. His current club is U.C. Sampdoria and he is managed by Sinisa Mihajlovic. A.C. Milan's chairman is Silvio Berlusconi.
Abel Hernandez is a youth player at Central Espanol which is part of the Uruguayan Segunda Division. He plays for U.S. Cittadi di Palermo and is managed by Giuseppe Iachini.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for both FC Amkar Perm and FC Spartak Moscow. The club's chairman is Sergey Rodinov and their home ground is the Otkrytiye Arena. The manager of FC Amkar Perm is Gadzhi Gadzhiyev.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for both FC Spartak Moscow and FC Terek Grozny in Grozny. Rashid Rakhimov is the manager of the club which has its ground in Grozny. The chairman of FC Spartak Moscow is Sergey Rodinov.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for both the FC Dynamo Moscow and the FC Spartak Moscow youth club. His club is FC Terek Grozny whose ground is in Grozny and whose manager is Rashid Rakhimov.
Aleksandr Humakov was born in the Soviet Union. He plays for the FC Torpedo Moscow which was in the 2014-15 season in the Russia Premier League. Valery Petrakov is the manager of the club.
Thomas Doll is the manager of Ferencvarosi TC which is managed by Thomas Dams. The club Ferencvarosi TC is owned by United Petrotrin F.C. whose ground is Palo Seco and the chairman is Gabor Kubatov.
United Petrotrin F.C.'s ground is Palo Seco Velodrome, the club of Ferencvarosi TC is managed by Thomas Doll. The chairman of Ferencvarosi TC is Gabor Kubatov.
The periapsis of VK8 is 6603633000.0 (kilometres) and has a periapsis of 8788850000.0. It has a periapsis of 8788850000.0 and a mass of 5.6 kilograms. VK8 was created in the epoch of 2006-12-31.
101 Helena, discovered 1868-08-15, was discovered by James Craig Watson, a Canadian who graduated from the University of Michigan. James Craig Watson died in Madison, Wisconsin.
James Craig Watson, who discovered 101 Helena, died in Madison, Wisconsin, Canada. He was a student at the University of Michigan and died of Peritonitis.
Walter Baade was born in the German Empire and died in Gottingen. He graduated from the University of Gottingen and was the doctoral student of Allan Sandage. He was the discoverer of 1036 Ganmed.
1036 Ganmed was discovered by Walter Baade who was born in the German Empire. He studied at the University of Gottingen, was doctoral student at Halton Arp and doctoral student at Allan Sandage.
German citizen Walter Baade, who was born in the German Empire, went to the University of Gottingen and became a doctoral student alongside Allan Sandage. He was the discoverer of 1036 Ganmed.
103 Hera was discovered on 1868-09-07 in Madison, Wisconsin. James Craig Watt, a Canadian, was a student at the University of Michigan.
103 Hera was discovered by James Craig Watson who was a Canadian. James Craig Watson's almaMater was the University of Michigan and he died in Madison, Wisconsin. 103 Hera has a periapsis of 371240000.0 (kilometres).
107 Camilla was discovered by B Zellner on the 31st of December, 2006. It has an orbital orbital period of 2368.05 days, an apoapsis of 560937000.0 (kilometres) and a periapsis of 479343000.0 (kilometres).
107 Camilla was discovered by C Woods on the 31st of December, 2006 and has an orbital orbit of 2368.05 days. It has an apoapsis of 560937000.0 (kilometres) and a periapsis of 479343000.0 (kilometres).
107 Camilla was discovered by F Vilas on the 31st December 2006 and has an orbital orbit of 2368.05 days. It has an apoapsis of 560937000.0 (kilometres) and a periapsis of 479343000.0 (kilometres).
N.R. Pogson was born in Nottingham, England and died in Chennai. 107 Camilla was discovered by N.R. Pogson, who died in Chennai with an absolute magnitude of 7.08.
1089 Tama's former name was A919 HA, 1927 WB. It was released on the 26th of November 2005. It has an orbital period of 1202.846 (days) and an apoapsis of 373513000.0 (kilometres). It has a escapeVelocity of 0.0068 (kilometrePerSeconds).
1101 Clematis has a mass of 5.7 kilograms, an escape velocity of 0.02 (kilometerPerSeconds), an orbital period of 183309000.0 and an apoapsis of 520906000.0 (kilometres). The epoch of 1101 Clematis was 2006-12-31.
11264 Claudiomaccone was created in the epoch of 2005-11-26. It has an orbital orbital period of 1513.722 (days) and a periapsis of 296521000.0 (kilometres) with an apoapsis of 475426000.0 (kilometres) at a temperature of 173.0 (kelvins).
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born on the 21st of May 1936 in Miri, Malaysia. He is parti pesaka bumiputera Bersatu and lives in Kuching.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and attended the University of Adelaide. He was a student of the Parti Pesaka Bombiputera Bersatu party and later became the successor of Adenan Samem. His residence address is "Demak Jaya, Jalan Bako, Kuching, Sarawak".
Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office while Vice President in the Nigerian Navy. His predecessor was Oladipo Diya and he was succeeded by Atiku Abubakar. On the 29th of May 1999 he was in office while Atiku Abubakar was in office.
Olusegun Obasanjo was the predecessor of Abdulsalami Abubakar. Abdulsalami Abubakar served in the Nigerian army. He was in office as Vice President while Mike Akhigbe was in office on the 29th of May 1999.
Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in Connecticut and died in the United States. He was part of the Democratic Party (United States) and was a US national.
Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in Connecticut and was a United States national. He served as the United States Secretary of Health, Education and Welfare and was a member of the Democratic Party (United States). He died in New York City.
Native Americans are an ethnic group from the United States. Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in Connecticut and died in New York. His wife was called Casey.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent and is a member of the Parliament for Gravesham. He is a member of the military branch of Grenadier Guards and his almaMater is Magdalene College, Cambridge. He started his active year on the 5th of May 2005.
Adam Holloway was born in Faversham, Kent, England. He joined the conservative party in the UK in 2005 and served for Grenadier Guards. His almaMater is Magdalene College, Cambridge.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece. He succeeded Makis Vardis and was in the office of Antonis Samaras and Konstantinos Mitsotakis.
Agnes Kat is a national of the Netherlands. She was employed at the House of Representatives in the Netherlands where Mark Rutte is the leader. Emile Roemer is the leader of the Socialist Party (Netherlands) which is led by Emile Roemer.
Agnes Kent is a national of the Netherlands. She is a member of the House of Representatives (Netherlands) where the leader is Khadija Arib. Agnes Kent's residence is in Doesburg.
Emile Roemer is part of the Socialist Party (Netherlands) which is led by Mark Rutte. Agnes Katt lives in Doesburg, Netherlands.
Albert B. White was born on 1856-09-22 and died on 1941-07-03. He was from Parkersburg, West Virginia.
Albert B. White, who was born in Cleveland, married Agnes Ward White and died in Parkersburg, West Virginia. His successor was William M. O. Dawson, who was born in Bloomington, Maryland.
Albert B. White was born in Cleveland, West Virginia on 1905-03-04. His spouse was Agnes Ward White and he served as the governor. His successor was William M.O. Dawson.
Albert B. White was born in Cleveland and joined the Republican Party of the United States on 1901-03-04. He served as a follower of William M.O. Dawson and became an active member of the Republican Party (United States).
Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires where he was in office while Juan Peron's wife, Eva, was also a Labour Party member. Horacio Rodriguez Larreta is the leader of Buenos Aires.
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza, Argentina on 1891-05-20. He served as the interim president of the Argentine Senate and served as a rearadmiral. Isaac Rios succeeded him.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Tyrol, Austria. He was part of the Austrian People's Party and died in Styria. Alfons Gorbach died in Graz.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst, Tyrol. He was a member of the Austrian People's Party and died in Styria.
Alvah Sabin died in Sycamore, Illinois on March 3rd, 1857. He was an active year in the state of Vermont where the largest city is Burlington, Vermont.
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia, Vermont and died in Sycamore, Illinois. He was from the state of Vermont where the largest city is Burlington, Vermont.
The battle of Gettysburg, part of the military conflict, was part of the American Civil War. The battle of Alfred Moore Scales was fought in the United States, where Native Americans are an ethnic group. The commander of the war was Jefferson Davis.
The Siege of Petersburg, part of the military conflict, was fought in Alfred Moore Scales in the United States. The commander of the war was Jefferson Davis and Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Alberto Teisaire is an argentinian national who was in office while President Juan Peron. His wife is Eva Peron and he is part of the Labour Party (Argentina) where Spanish is spoken.
Brian Robertson (trombonist) is a member of the Suburban Legends. Aaron Bertram is an associated musician with Kids Imagine Nation and is a member of the genre of Ska Punk.
Aaron Deer is an Indie Rock musician from Indiana, United States. Wee Geant is an associated musician with him as a solo singer and his background is that of a "solo singer".
Black Metal artist Aaron Turner, who was born in the U.S., began his career in 1995. He was also associated with the band Old Man Gloom and the Lotus Eyes (musical artist).
Aaron Turner, a sludge metal artist from Massachusetts, began his career in 1995 and was an associated musician with Twilight and Lotus Eyes.
Abradab was born on 1978-11-12 in Katowice, Poland. He was associated with Magik (rapper) and Kaliber 44.
Ace Wilder was born in 1982 in Sweden. He has a background as a solo singer and sings. He was born on the 23rd of July 1982.
Ace Wilder was born in 1982 in Stockholm. He has a background as a singer and is a Songwriter. He was born on 23rd July 1982.
Ace Wilder is a genre of hip hop music. Hip hop music is also known as gangsta rap. Disco and Funk are the stylistic origins of hip hop music.
Ace Wilder, born in Sweden, is a hip hop music characterised by funk and the derivative of the drum and bass.
Al Anderson (NRBQ band) was born in Windsor, Connecticut. He was an associated musician with The Wildweeds and was an active member of the NRBQ band in 1966.
Al Anderson (NRBQ band) is an NRBQ musician. He plays the guitar and is in the genre of Rock music. Country music is also a genre of rock music. Bhangra is also a genre of music.
Alan Frew was born in Coatbridge, Canada. He was a musician. He was a solo singer and he was born in Newmarket, Ontario.
Aleksandra Kovac was born in the Socialist Republic of Serbia in 1972. She is a solo singer and performs in the Pop music genre. Disco is also one of the genres.
Aleksandra Kovac is a singer associated with K2 (Kovac sisters duo) and is a member of the Rhythm and Blues genre. She was in the band Rhythm and Blues from the beginning of 1990.
The United Kingdom national Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester in 1872 and died in London.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester and died in Sidcup. He was a member of the European Parliament and the leader of London is Boris Johnson.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester and died in Sidcup. He was succeeded by the Labour Party (UK) and the European Parliament.
The Folk music of Ireland is the genre of Alison O'Donnell. He has the record label Floating World Records and started his career in 1963. Flibbertigibbet is an associated musician with Alison O'Donnell.
Alison O'Donnell is a jazz musician from London. Her record label is Deram Records and her record label is Stanyan Records. A jazz derivative is funk.
Alison O'Donnell plays the Autoharp, and is a performer of the genre of Jazz. Folk music is also a genre of jazz. Afrobeat is a genre of jazz and funk is a genre of jazz.
Alison O'Donnell's instrument is Voice, Bodhran, percussion and autoharp. She is a member of the genre of Jazz, which is influenced by blues and is a derivative of funk. Afrobeat is also a genre.
Acoustic singer Allen Forrest was born in 1981 in Dothan, Alabama. He has a background in acoustic music and was born in Fort Campbell.
Billy Iuso was also an associated musician with Anders Osborne. He was also the vocalist of the Wetlands All-Stars. Anders Osborne was an active member of the Band and Galactic in 1989.
Anders Osborne was an associated musician with Galactic, Tab Benoit, and Billy Iuso. He started playing in 1989 and is a blues blues musician.
Andra (singer) was born in Campia Turzii in 1986. She is a singer, reality tv judge and dance pop genre.
Andra sings in the genre of Rhythm and Blues and was born in 1986 in Romania. She is a solo singer and sings in the genre of Rhythm and Blues.
Armin van Buuren, Bobina, Mark Sixma, Jonathan Mendelsohn, Christian Burns, Jwaydan, Alexander Popov, Jano, Alexandre Bergheau, Jonny Rose, Sylvia Tosun, Lira Yin, Alexandra Badoi are all associated with Andrew Rayel who is a Trance musician.
Andrew Rayel was born in Chisinau, Moldova. He was an associated musician with Christian Burns and the genre of Trance music. He was also an associated musician with Armin van Buuren and began playing in 2009.
Andrew Rayel was born in Chisinau, Moldova. He was involved in the Trance music genre and started his career in 2009 alongside Jwaydan Moyine and Bobina.
Andrew Rayel is an associated musician with John Digweed, Christian Burns, Jwaydan Moyine, Jwaydan Moyine and Jwaydan Moyine. Andrew Rayel plays the string instrument and is a member of the Trance music genre.
The musician Andrew White is an associated musician with Kaiser Chiefs and Marry Bonds. He started his career in 2003 and has had the record label B-Unique Records and Polydor Records.
Fort Campbell is the birthplace of Allen Forrest who was born in the genre of hip hop music. He is also known as a derivative of the genre of drum and bass. Disco is one of the stylistic origins of hip hop music.
Allen Forrest was born in 1981 in the genre of hip hop music. Disco and Hip Hop are both stylistic origins of hip hop music and a derivative of drum and bass.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester and led by the Labour Party. He died in Sidcup in London where the Parliament of the United Kingdom is the leader.
Agustin Barboza was born in Asuncion, Juan Afara. He died in Paraguay, where Spanish is spoken and an ethnic group is the Mestizo.
Polydor Records (located in London) and Andrew White (musician) are both labels of B Unique Records and Polydor Records. Andrew White (musician) is in the genre of Alternative Rock and his music Fusion is NuMetal.
Andrew White (musician) is a member of the Alternative rock genre. His label is Polydor Records (located in London) and his label is Universal Records (defunct).
Al Anderson (NRBQ band) plays the guitar and is in the genre of Rock music. Country music is a style of music that is stylistically similar to blues. Bhangra (music) is also a genre that is fused with rock music.
Al Anderson (NRBQ band) is a member of the rock music genre which is stylistically from the blues era. Country music is also a genre of country music with the banjo as an instrument. Bhangra (music) is also a genre.
Aaron Turner plays the electric guitar and his instrument is found in bands such as Old Man Gloom and Twilight. Twilight is a genre associated with Aaron Turner and is a member of the Death Metal genre.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, Uruguay, where the leaders are Daniel Martinez and Raul Fernando Sendic Rodriguez. Spanish is spoken in Uruguay.
